 
 


Service Description
Service identification
Service summary 
Technical Application Management
Application Performance Management (Observability) is a Service which foresees in the monitoring of the performance of specific business (critical) applications and its end2end flows. This service is based on the Dynatrace Software Intelligence Platform.
The customer can choose out of a range of modular components within Dynatrace which can build up to a full scope APM service.
The Service provides the tasks and activities needed to manage an Application Performance Management environment using Dynatrace (The Application) from a technical perspective. Together with the underlaying obligatory platform services, Cegeka unburdens the customer with all technical aspects from infrastructure up to the technical Application.
The Standard Service features are focussed to keep the Service up-and-running, to keep it secure and to optimize its technical parameters.


The Application
The Dynatrace solution consists out of the following components: 
Dynatrace Server 
The Dynatrace Server or Dynatrace cluster node is the heart of this monitoring environment. It provides the user with an UI and all necessary components to evaluate, store and process monitoring data. This server can be set up as a cluster in order to maintain continuous monitoring even during downtime of one of the cluster nodes. The number of nodes is defined based on several parameters as well as on Dynatrace recommendations/best practices.  
ActiveGate’s 
An ActiveGate works as a proxy between the monitoring agents, external services and the Dynatrace Server. Dynatrace Managed deployments typically require one or more Environment- and/or Cluster ActiveGate’s. The number of required ActiveGate’s will be determined based on the services used by the customer as well as the availability requirements. 
OneAgent 
The Dynatrace OneAgent monitors the performance of the hosts in your application-deployment environment. They way the monitoring is performed is dependent on the underlaying mode. 
 
Below a graphical overview of a typical set-up: 
 

The Dynatrace solution is hosted within the Cegeka datacenters in Hasselt & Geleen and has a permanent uplink with Dynatrace Mission Control in Ireland.  Dynatrace Mission Control provides fully automated management capabilities in a proactive way that keep Dynatrace server secure, reliable, and up-to-date—all while saving the user from the hassles of administrative tasks like upgrades and troubleshooting. Dynatrace product experts can remotely assist with upgrades and troubleshooting when you run into problems.

Service features 
Standard Service features 
Application knowledge
Cegeka ensures skilled engineers with experience on the Dynatrace technology in order to perform the Service.
Technical setup
Cegeka advises in the setup of the underlaying platform in order to set it up according to the technology requirements of the Application. This may be different for each Customer environment (DTAP - Development, Test, Acceptance, Production and it’s variants).
High availability setup: this setup advise includes also the setup of HA (High Available) environments where needed. Cegeka will advise a cost effective solution within the context  of the available platform(s) of the Customer and the best practices of the Application:
Dynatrace Managed Cluster 
HA is foreseen using a multi-node cluster consisting of at least 3 nodes for high availability and data redundancy. Additional nodes may be deployed for horizontal scaling, up to the allowed maximum of nodes.
ActiveGate 
HA is available for both DMZ and LAN and is provided by multiple ActiveGate’s located in both datacenters. ActiveGates in Azure are the responsibility of the Customer. However Cegeka will inform the Customer when irregularities with them are detected

Cegeka performs and maintains the technical installation of the Application on the agreed platform ensuring its correct working. 
Technical setup is documented on operational level and is available to the Customer.

Disaster Recovery

Disaster Recovery is available for the Dynatrace Managed platform and is based on two mechanisms:
The Dynatrace Managed Cluster, which is used for both production and nonproduction, resides in the foundation environment and is hosted on TIER 1 virtual machines (includes DR to the secondary datacenter) 
PRD & non-PRD ActiveGate’s are spread over both datacenters and are operating in an active-active setup


Technical management
Cegeka is responsible for the technical operation of the Application and to assure it’s correct running during the agreed availability windows.Customer / Cegeka meetings
User group meeting (operational meeting)

Customer foresees a recurrent user group meeting where Cegeka amongst others will: 
Report on new platform features  
Give general recommendations 
Elaborate on use cases 
Discuss known issues
Discuss open Changes
Interaction with owners of monitored applications (functional) regarding:
Added or changed monitoring (as result of requests)
Measures were taken to tune out false alerts
The noisiest application and alerts
Participants of this meeting are: Cegeka APM engineers and Customer APM engineers and (optional) owners of monitored applications
The meeting schedule is 1x/month

Dynatrace Customer Success meetings (operational meeting)

Cegeka will join the recurrent Argenta & Dynatrace Customer success meetings.
Report issues for which we need Dynatrace engineers
Escalate problems
Participants of this meeting are: Dynatrace customer success manager (organiser), Cegeka APM engineers, Customer APM engineers
The meeting schedule is 1x/month
Housekeeping
Recurrent maintenance activities (housekeeping) are needed to ensure the correct working of the Application. Automation is applied where possible. 
Proactive management
Housekeeping includes following regular checks:
The setup and the running of the Application on its platform
System trends (trends of CPU/memory/disk usage) on deviations in evolution
Perform and check log rotation (cleanup of older logs)
Assure application settings are part of the backup of the underlaying platform
Resolution actions are triggered when needed and followed to assure the SLA.


Patching
See Life Cycle Management. Dynatrace is continuously updated. 
Patching of the underlying platform is part of the Service of that platform.
Dynatrace follows an agile development process with sprints every two weeks where every 2nd sprint is publicly released. These releases are then supported for: 
Dynatrace server – 3 months 
ActiveGate – 9 months 
OneAgent – 9 months 

This frequent release process demands continuous lifecycle management where updates will be deployed at the following frequency: 
Dynatrace server – monthly 
ActiveGate – monthly 
OneAgent – separate planning based upon agreed maintenance windows as this requires restarts of the business applications. 

Cegeka is fully responsible for the patch process and all patching activities will follow the change management procedures in place. 

Life Cycle Management
Cegeka monitors the Technology version of the service and notifies the Customer in accordance with the agreed LCM policy (see cross-functional Services) when used versions are subject to end-of-support or end-of-life. Appropriate actions (updates, replacement or other actions) are planned in accordance with agreed maintenance windows and will be executed on T&M basis in case of major updates. Patches and minor updates are included in the service cost as part of ‘Patching’.


Monitoring
Cegeka monitors the correct working of the Application on all Customer environments.
This is done by means of scripts (with API calls) to check the correct technical application functionality.
The checks are executed every 3 minutes.
Monitoring improvements will be done during the lifecycle of the Service and are based on evaluation of incidents, problem management or other suggestions.

The underlaying platform is also monitored according to the related Service Description of the platform.
Monitoring events are evaluated during the Service Window in accordance to the Service Level of the individual environment. Notable events are treated as Incident tickets and are handled according to regular incident management.

Also, a specific Dynatrace monitoring profile to monitor the availability of the platform itself, this profile includes: 
Process checks 
Port checks 
Database replication status 
Verification of cluster and ActiveGate health using REST API’s
Security and Compliance
Management of technical users
The management of technical users (for engineers) is done by Cegeka in agreement with the Customer and in accordance to the Customer IAM policies.
Security Management
The security management is performed following the Cegeka internal security policies and the contractual Customer security policies.
Security incidents are created in case a security breach is detected and is immediately communicated to the Customer and Cegeka stakeholders.
SIEM
Additional monitoring can be done based on System and/or Application logs, which can be forwarded to a Customer SIEM solution (Security reason) or other solution (compliance reason, e.g. central collection of application logs to oversee the application stack) on request.
Underlaying Platform hardening
The underlaying platform and OS will be hardened as part of and according to the Service Description of the related Services.

Backup and Restore
The operational Backup Plan contains the information on frequency and retention of the backups in accordance with the Customer backup policy.
Restores can be done both on file and on full system level. These can be requested via the regular RFC process.
Duration of a restore is dependant of the request (file or full; size of the item(s) to be restored).
Application settings are subject to the backup of the underlaying platform. 


All the important Dynatrace Managed configurations and monitoring data will be backupped.

For the avoidance of doubt, the following items are excluded from backup: 
Users sessions (due to GDPR compliancy) 
Raw monitoring data / transaction storage 
Timeseries data: 1 minute and 5-minute resolution data
Backup logs gathered by Log Management (logs from applications are backupped on the source systems)

Incident and problem management
Besides monitoring incidents (see ‘Monitoring’) also other incidents can be reported by both the Customer and Cegeka. These will be subject to the regular incident management process (See Cross-functionals).
Related to incident management, Cegeka performs also problem management (See Cross-functionals).
If an incident cannot be resolved by Cegeka’s engineering support, due to for example a bug in the software, Cegeka will make use of the Argenta support contract and log a case with Dynatrace.

Resolution times of incidents where support is needed from Dynatrace are subject to the selected support contract.
Customers responsibility
The customer is responsible for defining the monitoring needs and specifying how the application should be monitored.
For Dynatrace, this includes determining the specific functional application monitoring needs and Cegeka will translate them in configurations within the platform

Optional Service features 
This section describes the features that can be optionally added to the standard Service features and that will be priced (when applicable) on top of the standard Service features.

The following optional features are possible with the Service. 
(there are no optional features)

Requests
Both the Customer and Cegeka can issue a Request for Change (RFC) or a Request for Information (RFI).
There are multiple types of requests:
Service Request
This is a pre-defined request
Some can be requested via Horizon: these are pre-approved and pre-defined requests
Service request that is not pre-approved will be executed after approval by the CAB
Service Requests are executed as a change ticket and will be delivered within the indicated lead time. 
The pre-defined execution is optimal automated. 
This is used for requests that are often needed (multiple times per month).
These have a fixed price.
Normal Changes:
These are other non-pre-defined requests
They need an evaluation and analysis where Cegeka needs to deliver a proposal and impact analysis to address the change request (with a T&M estimation).
A successive review, approval and planning (maintenance window) by a CAB of the proposal is needed prior to execution.
These are billed on T&M basis.


The handling of Requests is subject to the regular change management process (see Cross-functionals).


Out of scope 
Everything that is not explicitly mentioned in this service description is by default out of scope of this Service. Specifically: 
All activities not mentioned in the descriptions. 
Problem management for incidents that do not reside in the responsibility of Cegeka. In case of doubt the problem, responsibility will be discussed with the customer by service management. 

Service characteristics 
Obligatory
The following services are mandatory for the delivery of this service:
Virtual machines with Gold OS management for the production environment
Virtual machines with Bronze OS management for the non-production environment
Backup/restore services
Cegeka owned Licenses and/or subscriptions
The licenses and/or subscriptions listed in this section and their cost are included in this Service.
It is Cegeka’s responsibility to maintain license and/or subscription compliance.
Licenses and/or subscriptions used for Cross-Functional Services are included in the Service and are not listed below.

Customer owned Licenses and/or subscriptions
The licenses and/or subscriptions listed in this section and their cost are not included in this Service.
It is the customers responsibility to maintain license and/or subscription compliance.
*Cegeka and customer will investigate whether a limitation in the platform can be built in to guarantee and not exceed the annual committed volume. 
Conditions 
The supported technologies are determined by the vendor (Dynatrace). The full exhaustive list can be found on https://www.dynatrace.com/technologies/ .  
Other technologies might be supported with plugin development (see plugin creation & maintenance) 
For correct baselining Argenta will need to communicate the application maintenance windows for the customer managed applications.
End-2-end application performance monitoring often reveals alerts/incidents that are not within the scope of a single supplier. It is the responsibility of Argenta to align other suppliers or internal teams in case this is needed for specific investigations. 
As the service handles the incidents generated by the monitored applications and tunes the alerting profiles to avoid false positives, it is crucial that Cegeka is informed of any functional or architectural change of an application. 
Service delivery location
This Service is delivered remotely from the Cegeka (virtual) Office environment.
Service Reporting
The following reports are provided via a dashboard in Dynatrace:
License status
Cluster capacity: 
Number of connected hosts 
Number of monitored technologies
Number of peak service requests
Number of peak user actions
Data classification
Cegeka requires no access to confidential and/or personal data to perform this Service.
Engineer credentials do not need to access such data for the purpose of this Service.
In case of assistance in investigations of functional issues, Cegeka personnel may see or receive fragments of such data in case it is shared by the Customer (data fragments in the sense of exports, screen sharing, screen shots, etc. for investigation purposes).

The Dynatrace solution is hosted within the Cegeka datacenters in Hasselt & Geleen and has a permanent uplink with Dynatrace Mission Control in Ireland.  Dynatrace Mission Control provides fully automated management capabilities in a proactive way that keep Dynatrace server secure, reliable, and up-to-date—all while saving the user from the hassles of administrative tasks like upgrades and troubleshooting. Dynatrace product experts can remotely assist with upgrades and troubleshooting when you run into problems.

Use of Subcontractor/Sub-outsourcer
This service is delivered with:
Subcontractor (Cegeka manages the Service with own engineers which are supported by an external party for escalations or technology specific questions or issues):
Dynatrace
Sub-outsourcer (Cegeka delegates the Service to an external party):
(none)
Miscellaneous 
n/a
RACI Matrix

RACI role definition:
R-Responsible: The party who is responsible for the execution of the activity.  
A- Accountable: The party ultimately accountable for the correct and thorough completion of the task and/or activity as performed by the Responsible. For each task and/or activity exactly one Accountable must be specified. The Accountable has the mandate to accept/dismiss on work provided by the Responsible. The Accountable is by default reactive. 
C-Consulted: The party who must be consulted and must approve or provide input prior to execution. This party (partly) gives direction to the result. This is about two-way communication. 
I-Informed: That is the person/party who is informed about the decisions, progress and results achieved, so that the next step can be taken. This is about one-way communication.


Adherence to Cross-Functional Services 
The Service described in this Service Description adheres to the Cross-functional Services as described in other sections of the contract where this Service is residing unless documented in the table below:

The Cross -Functional services rely on the Cegeka standard framework for processes and tooling.


Service Level Agreement
Service Window 
The Service Window is the time frame during which the agreed support services from Cegeka are available. Service windows are defined in the related Service Level Management document to this contract.
Service Level
Service Levels of the cross-functional services are defined in the related Service Level Management document to this contract.

Availability

The following Availability Performance Metrics are provided for the Service:


The availability measurement is monthly and calculated as:
(Total time of service window of the measured period – time of outage based on Cegeka infrastructure monitoring during the measured period) / Total time of service window of the measured period) * 100
	
Service Billing
Standard Service Billing
The service is billed on a monthly basis.
 
Measurement 
The quantity of each billing element is determined on a monthly basis:
the quantities are determined by the number of deployed entities which are used in the billing month.

Calculation / Billing 
The price(s) is/are determined in the pricing schedule where this Service is residing.
The Service is billed per billing element:
price of each ‘billing element’ * quantity of each ‘billing element’ as defined in the measurement
Optional Service Billing
n/a
Change Request Billing
Changes are billed on a monthly basis.

Changes as result of Pre-approved and Normal Service requests are billed according to the defined prices in the pricing document of the related contact.

Non-standard change requests are billed on T&M basis. 
	

Document control


Document approval
