 
 


Service Description
Service identification
Service summary 
Release and Deploy services
This service provides Argenta with the necessary assistance to support them in their release & deploy activities. 
Whereas Argenta is responsible for the creation of the deploy scripts and testing them in the DVL environment, Cegeka is responsible for the execution of these tested scripts in the ACC, SIM, VAL & PRD environment.
All deployment is documented in tickets and are tracked within the Argenta ITSM tool, as such the Cegeka deploy engineers will need access to the tooling to be able to perform their jobs. In case database deployments are needed, the Cegeka deploy engineers will log a standard change on the Cegeka portal which will be routed towards the Cegeka database engineers. 
The quality of the scripts and the outcome of the correct execution of these scripts is Argenta’s sole responsibility. In case of errors the Cegeka engineers will assist to the best of their knowledge (best effort).
Release activities will be coordinated by the Argenta Release Managers.

Service features 
Standard Service features


Optional Service features 
This section describes the features that can be optionally added to the standard Service features and that will be priced (when applicable) on top of the standard Service features.

The following optional features are possible with the Service:
(there are no optional features)
Requests
Both the Customer and Cegeka can issue a Request for Change (RFC) or a Request for Information (RFI).
There are multiple types of requests:
Service Request
This is a pre-defined request
Some can be requested via Horizon: these are pre-approved and pre-defined requests
Service request that is not pre-approved will be executed after approval by the CAB
Service Requests are executed as a change ticket and will be delivered within the indicated lead time. 
The pre-defined execution is optimal automated. 
This is used for requests that are often needed (multiple times per month).
These have a fixed price.
Normal Changes :
these are other non pre-defined requests
they need an evaluation and analysis where Cegeka needs to deliver a proposal and impact analysis to address the change request (with a T&M estimation).
A successive review, approval and planning (maintenance window) by a CAB of the proposal is needed prior to execution.
These are billed on T&M basis.
The handling of Requests is subject to the regular change management process (see Cross-functionals).

Out of scope 
Everything that is not explicitly mentioned in this service description is by default out of scope of this Service. 

Service characteristics 
Obligatory
The following services are mandatory for the delivery of this service:
n/a
Cegeka owned Licenses and/or subscriptions
The licenses and/or subscriptions listed in this section and their cost are included in this Service.
It is Cegeka’s responsibility to maintain license and/or subscription compliance.
Licenses and/or subscriptions used for Cross-Functional Services are included in the Service and are not listed below.
Customer owned Licenses and/or subscriptions
The licenses and/or subscriptions listed in this section and their cost are not included in this Service.
It is the customers responsibility to maintain license and/or subscription compliance.
Conditions 
The quality of the scripts that need to be executed are the sole responsibility of Argenta.
All other teams/engineers that need to be part of release activities or activities during the release windows are to be reserved following the RFC process with a minimum notice of 10 business days for weekend work and 5 business days for work during office hours.
Service delivery location
This Service is delivered on Customer premise and remotely from the Cegeka (virtual) Office environment.

Service Reporting
The Cross-functional reporting is part of this Service Reporting where it is applicable for this service (see section ‘Relation to Cross-Functional Services’).

There are no specific (recurrent) reports for this Service.
Note: the reporting of the number of tasks executed by Cegeka is delivered by Argenta and is essential for the monthly invoicing. This has been agreed with Argenta, rather than having a Cegeka created report for the amount of tasks.

Data classification
Cegeka requires no access to confidential and/or personal data to perform this Service.
Engineer credentials do not need to access such data for the purpose of this Service.
In case of assistance in investigations of functional issues, Cegeka personnel may see or receive fragments of such data in case it is shared by the Customer (data fragments in the sense of exports, screen sharing, screen shots, etc. for investigation purposes).
Use of Subcontractor/Sub-outsourcer
This service is delivered with:
Subcontractor (Cegeka manages the Service with own engineers which are supported by an external party for escalations or technology specific questions or issues):
(none)
Sub-outsourcer (Cegeka delegates the Service to an external party):
(none)
Miscellaneous 
n/a
RACI Matrix
RACI role definition:
R-Responsible: The party who is responsible for the execution of the activity.  
A- Accountable: The party ultimately accountable for the correct and thorough completion of the task and/or activity as performed by the Responsible. For each task and/or activity exactly one Accountable must be specified. The Accountable has the mandate to accept/dismiss on work provided by the Responsible. The Accountable is by default reactive. 
C-Consulted: The party who must be consulted and must approve or provide input prior to execution. This party (partly) gives direction to the result. This is about two-way communication. 
I-Informed: That is the person/party who is informed about the decisions, progress and results achieved, so that the next step can be taken. This is about one-way communication.
Adherence to Cross-Functional Services 
The Service described in this Service Description does not adhere to the Cross-functional Services as described in the contract. 
Note: this service description performs the specific applicative release and deploy which is not the same as the technology release and deploy stipulated in the Cross-functional services.
Service Level Management
Service Window 
The Service Window is the time frame during which the agreed support services from Cegeka are available. Service windows are defined in the related Service Level Management document to this contract.
Service Level
n/a for this service

Service Billing
Standard Service Billing
The service is billed on a monthly basis.
 
Measurement 
The quantity of each billing element is determined on a monthly basis:
the quantities is 1  time the amount for each billing element

Calculation / Billing 
The price(s) is/are determined in the pricing schedule where this Service is residing.
The Service is billed per billing element:
price of each ‘billing element’ * quantity of each ‘billing element’ as defined in the measurement


The following pricing principles apply:
Standard changes created for database deployments will not be separately charged to Argenta and are part of the baseline tickets.
Standby hours for major releases will be charged on T&M basis.
Extra and exceptional major releases will be charged on T&M basis.
Actual work done by standby teams, other than DBA or deploy engineers, triggered by the release itself will be charged on T&M basis.
All prices are subject to indexation
Optional Service Billing
n/a
Change Request Billing
Changes are billed on a monthly basis.

Changes as result of Pre-approved and Normal Service requests are billed according to the defined prices in the pricing document of the related contact.

Non-standard change requests are billed on T&M basis. 
Document control


Document approval
	