 
 


Service Description
Service identification
Service summary 
Application Management Services
The Service provides the end-to-end management of the ‘Takensysteem’ application (The Application) from an functional applicative perspective. Together with the underlaying obligatory Platform services, Cegeka unburdens the customer with all functional and technical aspects from infrastructure up to the functional Application.
The Standard Service features consist out of:
Functional Application Management service of the Takensysteem by Cegeka Shared Services Team (SST)
A service desk as single point of contact for the end-users of Argenta
Application development based on Argenta requests and specifications (T&M based)
Management of the underlying IT components by Cegeka Infra (as part of a another Service Description)
The Application
The ‘Takensysteem’ is a customized .Net 'engine' for tasks that are guided through the Argenta organization according to predefined process flows. The system considers the authorizations of each user, determined by their rights, to let them perform a specific activity each time, within the framework of a task. The system gets tasks via the AMQ queues.
The application provides the workflow logic for department ‘Lenen’ and ‘Personen’.
The application (code) is developed and provided by Cegeka. Further functional development is done based on requests and specifications from Argenta. The application remains owned by Argenta.
The application uses .Net and Angular as main Application framework.
Service features 
Standard Service features 
Application knowledge
Cegeka ensures skilled engineers with knowledge of the Application and the development of the Application.
Application Management
We deliver the following activities within the managed service:
Application Monitoring:
availability of the Takensysteem site
pro-active follow-up of AMQ Queues used by Takensysteem
Answering requests for information (RFI) or give an estimation for request for change (RFC), providing a maximum effort of 1 hour per request and limited to 30 requests/year. If more time is needed to deliver the requested information or estimation, an approval for T&M effort will be requested upfront.
Argenta Operations has the possibility to communicate directly to Cegeka’s SST (for the Application), related to the changes in regard of the Takensysteem.
By default, changes will be issued to the Service Desk, but can also be logged directly to SST via Jira Service Management. In case a change has impact on the underlying infrastructure, Cegeka will co-ordinate the change with the INFRA team(s).
Changes are performed on a T&M basis.
Argenta will be responsible for requesting small changes and/or filling the backlog, after which it will be determined by mutual agreement between SST and product owner, which backlog items will be processed in the next period. In this context, Cegeka will also propose changes, for example to improve the application, but it is Argenta's responsibility to seek internal alignment or schedule a topic on the CAB. Once approved within Argenta, changes can be scheduled in one of the release cycles planned by Argenta.
For changes < 15 days, the ticket will be updated with an estimate of the request. After formal approval the request will be scheduled, implemented and tested (only Takensysteem) on the INF environment by SST. Release notes and a zip with the binaries will be linked to a 4me ticket. 
For changes > 15 days, a separate quotation will be delivered to Argenta including the estimates/impact/scope of the request(s). If requested the NDM procedure can be followed. 
Taking part in Agile Ceremonies and testing is also part of this service. Functional testing is done on the INF environment of the functionality of the small changes. (not all tests can be done by SST, no access to internal apps Argenta)
Proactive follow-up on the evolution of the Application framework used (.NET, Angular)
Preparation and standby for the release (to production) of new Application or Application framework version updates during release moments as defined by Argenta in the release plan (5 to 7 major releases per year). The effort required to successfully complete these release moments, requires standby and/or intervention effort.
Cegeka prepares the binaries for the installations by preparing the software (binaries) and a short manual for the installation during release. The updates for the used Application framework are included in the binaries.
The actual release (installation) is done by Argenta ICT deploy team using the delivered binaries and manual.
Cegeka will be standby (on call) during the release moments to assure successful completion of the release.
Effort spent when an intervention during the release is needed will be provided on a T&M basis. (Note: most of the time these are planned outside the normal service hours).
Cegeka contributes to assure the Application and the Application framework stays within a secure and supported (not going end-of-life) context by proposing updates from out of LCM or from proactive vulnerability checking (via OWASP dependency checker).
Housekeeping
Recurrent maintenance activities (housekeeping) are needed to ensure the correct working of the Application. Automation is applied where possible. 
Proactive management
Housekeeping includes following regular checks:
The running of the Application on its platform
Follow-up on the AMQ queues used by the Application.
Inspection of the Application log content on irregularities
Inspection of Application settings on irregularities
Inspection of the Application after OS patching
system trends (trends of CPU/memory/disk usage) on deviations in evolution
perform and check log rotation (cleanup of older logs)
assure the Application and Application settings are part of the backup of the underlaying platform

Resolution actions are triggered when needed and followed to assure the SLA.

Patching
The service includes a maximum of 7 planned releases per year according to release plan and are part of the Service.
Additional patching can be done on RFC basis. 
Patching of the underlying platform is part of the Service of that platform.
Life Cycle Management
Cegeka monitors the Technology version of the service and notifies the Customer in accordance with the agreed LCM policy (see cross-functional Services) when used versions are subject to end-of-support or end-of-life. Appropriate actions (updates, replacement or other actions) are planned in accordance with agreed maintenance windows and will be executed on T&M basis in case of major updates. Patches and minor updates are included in the service cost as part of ‘Patching’.

Monitoring
Cegeka monitors the correct working of the Application on all Customer environments.
Monitoring improvements will be done during the lifecycle of the Service and are based on evaluation of incidents, problem management or other suggestions.

The underlaying platform is also monitored according to the related Service Description of the platform.
Monitoring events are evaluated during the Service Window in accordance to the Service Level of the individual environment. Notable events are treated as Incident tickets and are handled according to regular incident management.
Security and Compliance
Management of technical users
The management of technical users (for engineers) is done by Cegeka in agreement with the Customer and in accordance to the Customer IAM policies.
Detection of security incidents
The security management is performed following the Cegeka internal security policies and the contractual Customer security policies.
Security incidents are created in case a security breach is detected and is immediately communicated to the Customer and Cegeka stakeholders.
SIEM
Additional monitoring can be done based on System and/or Application logs, which can be forwarded to a Customer SIEM solution (Security reason) or other solution (compliance reason, e.g. central collection of application logs to oversee the application stack) on request.
Underlaying Platform hardening
The underlaying platform and OS will be hardened as part of and according to the Service Description of the related Services.
Backup and Restore
The operational Backup Plan contains the information on frequency and retention of the backups in accordance to the Customer backup policy.
Restores can be done both on file and on full system level. These can be requested via the regular RFC process.
Duration of a restore is dependant of the request (file or full; size of the item(s) to be restored).
Application settings are subject to the backup of the underlaying platform. 
Incident and problem management
Besides monitoring incidents (see ‘Monitoring’) also other incidents can be reported by both the Customer and Cegeka. These will be subject to the regular incident management process (See Cross-functionals).
Related to incident management, Cegeka performs also problem management (See Cross-functionals).
Customers responsibility
The customer is responsible for the installation of the software during the release, based in the provided binaries and manual.
Optional Service features 
This section describes the features that can be optionally added to the standard Service features and that will be priced (when applicable) on top of the standard Service features.

The following optional features are possible with the Service:
(there are no optional features)
Requests
Both the Customer and Cegeka can issue a Request for Change (RFC) or a Request for Information (RFI).
There are multiple types of requests:
Service Request
This is a pre-defined request
Some can be requested via Horizon: these are pre-approved and pre-defined requests
Service request that is not pre-approved will be executed after approval by the CAB
Service Requests are executed as a change ticket and will be delivered within the indicated lead time. 
The pre-defined execution is optimal automated. 
This is used for requests that are often needed (multiple times per month).
These have a fixed price.
Normal Changes :
these are other non pre-defined requests
they need an evaluation and analysis where Cegeka needs to deliver a proposal and impact analysis to address the change request (with a T&M estimation).
A successive review, approval and planning (maintenance window) by a CAB of the proposal is needed prior to execution.
These are billed on T&M basis.
The handling of Requests is subject to the regular change management process (see Cross-functionals).

Out of scope 
Everything that is not explicitly mentioned in this service description is by default out of scope of this Service. Specifically: 
Infrastructure and OS services (platform) required for running the Application

Service characteristics 
Obligatory
The following services are mandatory for the delivery of this service:
Platform : virtual machine on Cegeka Cloud and/or on PCA appliance with OS management
Backup/Restore services
Cegeka owned Licenses and/or subscriptions
The licenses and/or subscriptions listed in this section and their cost are included in this Service.
It is Cegeka’s responsibility to maintain license and/or subscription compliance.
Licenses and/or subscriptions used for Cross-Functional Services are included in the Service and are not listed below.
Customer owned Licenses and/or subscriptions
The licenses and/or subscriptions listed in this section and their cost are not included in this Service.
It is the customers responsibility to maintain license and/or subscription compliance.
Conditions 
n/a
Service delivery location
This Service is delivered remotely from the Cegeka (virtual) Office environment.
Service Reporting
The Cross-functional reporting is part of this Service Reporting where it is applicable for this service (see section ‘Relation to Cross-Functional Services’).

There are no specific (recurrent) reports for this Service.

Data classification
Cegeka requires no access to confidential and/or personal data to perform this Service.
Engineer credentials do not need to access such data for the purpose of this Service.
In case of assistance in investigations of functional issues, Cegeka personnel may see or receive fragments of such data in case it is shared by the Customer (data fragments in the sense of exports, screen sharing, screen shots, etc. for investigation purposes).
Use of Subcontractor/Sub-outsourcer
This service is delivered with:
Subcontractor (Cegeka manages the Service with own engineers which are supported by an external party for escalations or technology specific questions or issues):
(none)
Sub-outsourcer (Cegeka delegates the Service to an external party):
(none)
Miscellaneous 
n/a
RACI Matrix
RACI role definition:
R-Responsible: The party who is responsible for the execution of the activity.  
A- Accountable: The party ultimately accountable for the correct and thorough completion of the task and/or activity as performed by the Responsible. For each task and/or activity exactly one Accountable must be specified. The Accountable has the mandate to accept/dismiss on work provided by the Responsible. The Accountable is by default reactive. 
C-Consulted: The party who must be consulted and must approve or provide input prior to execution. This party (partly) gives direction to the result. This is about two-way communication. 
I-Informed: That is the person/party who is informed about the decisions, progress and results achieved, so that the next step can be taken. This is about one-way communication.
Adherence to Cross-Functional Services 
The Service described in this Service Description adheres to the Cross-functional Services as described in  the contract where this Service is residing unless documented in the table below:
All Cross -Functional services rely on the Cegeka standard framework for processes and tooling.

Service Level Management
Service Window 
The Service Window is the time frame during which the agreed support services from Cegeka are available. Service windows are defined in the related Service Level Management document to this contract.
Service Level
Service Levels of the cross-functional services are defined in the related Service Level Management document to this contract.



Availability

The following Availability KPI’s are provided for the Service:

The availability measurement is monthly and calculated as:
(Total time of service window of the measured period – time of outage based on Cegeka infrastructure monitoring during the measured period) / Total time of service window of the measured period) * 100

Service Billing
Standard Service Billing
The service is billed on a monthly basis.
 
Measurement 
The quantity of each billing element is determined on a monthly basis:
the quantities is 1  as the billing element is for the complete Application over all customer environments.
Calculation / Billing 
The price(s) is/are determined in the pricing schedule where this Service is residing.
The Service is billed per billing element:
price of each ‘billing element’ * quantity of each ‘billing element’ as defined in the measurement
Optional Service Billing
n/a
Change Request Billing
Changes are billed on a monthly basis.

Changes as result of Pre-approved and Normal Service requests are billed according to the defined prices in the pricing document of the related contact.

Non-standard change requests are billed on T&M basis. 
Document control


Document approval
	