

Service description

Service summary

Service description: features and functionalities


Standard services















Optional services




















Operational services
Incident & Problem Management
Reactive support
Create incident records in the Cegeka service management tool
Receive,  and resolve incident tickets.
Identify the cause of an incident.
Registration of standard solutions for incidents.
Proactive support
Based on incidents logged by monitoring, Cegeka proactively takes the following actions:
Detect and solve incident within the monitored environment.
Detect and solve incidents on the supporting infrastructure.
Proactively report issues and propose how certain issues can be resolved.
Perform correlation for incidents identifying the underlying problem and make recommendations to fix the problem. 
Implement fixes or workarounds for problems if there are no dependencies on other services.


Availability Management


























User & Access Management



Patching
atching The patching is performed following the internal patch schedule. Customers are informed possible impact of the patching activities following the standard communication schedule.












Lifecycle Management (LCM)
Lifecycle management is included in the service as part of the Cegeka service. 
The LCM is performed following the  LCM schedule. Customers are informed about the LCM schedule and possible impact of the LCM-activities following the standard communication schedule.








Security








Capacity Management
Capacity management is included in the service as part of the Cegeka service. 












Th 
















Responsibility matrix

Responsible: The party who is responsible for the execution of the activity. 
Consulted: The party who must be consulted and must approve or provide input prior to execution. This party (partly) gives direction to the result. This is about two-way communication.
Informed: That is the person/party who is informed about the decisions, progress and results achieved, so that the next step can be taken. This is about one-way communication.
Eligibility and Prerequisites
Out of scope
Everything that is not included in this service description is by default out of scope.
Conditions
This service does not require any explicit conditions to be met.
Service Support
Service level agreement
This section describes which service level agreements are applicable for this service
Service Hours








Incidents, related to this Service have a priority of P3 by default. The following table indicates which types of incidents have a higher priority.

Service Level
FOR Service Level: ONE OR BOTH OF THE TWO FOLLOWING MODELS CAN BE CHOOSEN (OR OPTIONALLY OPTION 3).
OPTION 1
This Service is available on a 24/7 basis, excluding maintenance windows. The target availability is 99,9% on a monthly basis. An instance of this Service is considered to be unavailable if it cannot be reached by the monitoring system for two consecutive checks.
OPTION 2
Incidents are resolved with the following time frames:

The resolution time measurement is based on the incident tickets, registered in the Cegeka ITSM.
For P3 and P4 incidents, a minimum of 20 incidents must be registered in order for the resolution time measurements to be valid.
OPTION 3
Bespoke
Disaster recovery
For this Service, disaster is defined as the outage of the datacenter, where the Service is hosted. In case of disaster, the above-mentioned Service Level Agreements are not valid.
FOR DISASTER RECOVERY: ONE OF THE FOUR FOLLOWING MODELS CAN BE CHOOSEN. DELETE THREE OPTIONS!
OPTION 1
The disaster recovery service level is as follows:
RPO: XXX
RTO: XXX
OPTION 2
The disaster recovery service level is as follows, depends on the option that is chosen for an instance of this service

OPTION 3
This Service does not provide protection against disaster.
OPTION 4
Bespoke
Monitoring & Reporting






















Order & billing information
SKU’s 


Measurement
A report is generated on a monthly basis, this report is based on the CMDB and lists all servers and service details for which a Cegeka datacentre – Managed Windows OS Service is delivered.
Billing
The units are billed against the price of their respective SKU’s.
(“Price/Unit” x “Quantity of Virtual – Gold Units”) +
(“Price/Unit” x “Quantity of Virtual – Silver Units”) + 
(“Price/Unit” x “Quantity of Virtual – Bronze Units”).
Recurring options

Non-recurring options - Standard changes

Non - Standard changes
Non-standard changes are billed in time & material or at fixed price if defined in the Request For Change (RFC) process.

