





Standard Service description

Introduction
The  service (the ‘Service’) provides Cegeka employees (the ‘Agents’) and where needed optionally Customers and Third Party vendors (the ‘Remote Agents’) the ability to remote control the endpoints of our customers in a secure manner. The Service makes use of two distinct applications:
Streamer Application: installed on endpoints that need to be remotely accessed
Business Application: installed on endpoints of (Remote) Agents that need to remotely access another endpoint
What is the added business value?
A remote access tool is an invaluable asset to a modern workplace environment. This service includes remote access, support and management in one solution and maximizes a team’s remote productivity, IT support and endpoint management.
The service is easy to setup and offers the flexibility and scalability needed for today’s customer’s organizations.
The service includes:
Advanced security features: SSO/SAML integration, granular permission control
Advanced productivity features: USB device redirection, microphone passthrough, YUV 4:4:4 color fidelity, high audio fidelity
Flexible Technician Licensing
What is included in the service?
Standard Services
Provide a remote access tooling service on Windows 10/11 & Mac OS managed clients 
Provide and maintain user management functionalities
Provide and maintain single sign on functionalities
Provide remote access functionalities (* where possible)
Following reports can be requested and are included in the service:
Session history
Active devices
Active customer user licenses
Provide technical support on the remote access management solution
Optional Services
Provide remote access user license for customers and/or third-party engineers
Provide a remote access tooling service for mobile based operating systems (iOS, Android)
Provide a remote access tooling service for macOS/Linux

Responsibility matrix

= Responsible: Party responsible for performing the activity and/or achieve the task. One party is Responsible, although other Parties can be delegated to assist in the actual work if required. An Accountable must sign off (approve) on work that Responsible provides. Responsible is by default proactive.
= Accountable: Party ultimately accountable for the correct and thorough completion of the task and/or activity as performed by Responsible. For each task and/or activity exactly one Accountable must be specified. Accountable has the mandate to accept/dismiss on work provided by Responsible. Accountable is by default reactive.
= Consulted: Party to be consulted (whose opinions are sought in two-way communication) when performing tasks and/or activities. Consulted may also provide requirements on scope, result expectations, etc. Consulted is by default reactive.
= Informed: Party to be informed / kept up-to-date on tasks and/or activities (just one-way communication). Informed often only on completion of the task and/or activity. Informed no formal role in realization and therefore by default reactive.

SKU overview 
Service SKUs
* mandatory SKU

Measurement
A report is generated on a monthly basis, this report is based on the inventory reported by the remote access management portal and lists:
all endpoints for which the My Remote Access Tooling Service is delivered
user licenses in use by the Customer and/or Third-party engineers.

Calculation
The units are billed against the price of their respective SKU’s.
(“Price/Unit” x “Quantity of DWP_RAT”) 
(“Price/Unit” x “Quantity of DWP_RAT_UL”)


Standard changes SKUs
Table below represents the Standard Changes for this Service, where each Standard Change
has a corresponding fixed one-off price as mentioned in the Pricing Model
has a corresponding  ‘Service Level Target (SLO) for each Standard Change, expressed in elapsed working days as mentioned in Table below
follows the ‘Standard Change Management process’ as mentioned in Section “Cross-Functional Services”

Non-standard changes SKUs
Non-standard changes
are billed in time & material
follow the ‘Change Management process’ as mentioned in Section “Cross-Functional services”
List below is an non exhaustive list of non-standard changes.

Service Level Agreement
Service support window
Table below gives an overview of the applicable Service support Windows for each Standard & Optional service

Specific service levels
3rd Party SLA
This service makes use of a third party PAAS provider. For the SLA’s concerning uptime and/or availability of the 3rd party platform we refer to the following documentation  Service Level Agreements (SLA).
Conditions
The Service requires the following services to be active for the same scope of endpoints :
“My Platform – My OS Physical” 
Devices in scope need to have an active internet connection whenever remote access is needed.
Only Devices which are supported can be used
Provide Cegeka the needed access to support this service with respect to the endpoints that need to be managed.
This service description applies to the products and functionalities provided by Splashtop Enterprise tooling.
Out of scope
All activities not mentioned in “1.3 What is included in the service?” , are out of scope for the service.
In order to guarantee the Service quality as specified in
“Service Level Definitions.doc”
Section “Service Level Agreement” in this document for possible specific service levels for this Service
Cegeka provides the required Cross-Functional Services as specified in “Cross-Functional-Services.doc”
