Introduction
The content of this service description (Chapter 1) is used to compile a service catalog that is used in the contract with the client. This introduction and document history below are for internal use only. 
It is allowed to merge Chapter 1 with other service descriptions into a single service catalog. Modifying the content of Chapter 1 for individual clients is not allowed. (If necessary, any adjustments can only be made with approval from the responsible service owner of product manager.)
Document history



Hybrid Cloud
Hypervisor management
Service summary
The Hypervisor management service includes the technical management of a Hypervisor on physical environment. 
Standard service components
This Service includes technical management of the Hypervisor. Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
Hardware management
CPU/RAM
Physical NICs
HBAs / FC adapters / iSCSI adapter
Physical storage
iLO
Managing hypervisor Hosts and Clusters represents supporting:
hypervisor Clusters (including SCVMM, Hyper-V Manager, Admin Center, vSphere vCenter, XenServer, XenCenter)
host licensing
availability, capacity and performance
Datastores / Cluster Shared Volumes (VMDK /RDM / VHDX disks)
High availability
host profiles
Virtual switches
time settings
SNMP settings
resource pools
VM Resources
VM options
Startup/shutdown options
VMware tools / XenServer tools / Hyper-V integration services
Roles and accounts
Auditing
AD authentication
Security
snapshots, checkpoints and machine images
Power management
Security
The following activities are part of this service Security component:
Manage lockdown mode
Manage security certificates
Manage Single Sign On
Manage network security policies
Secure storage migration traffic
Manage guarded fabrics
Manage shielded VMs
Quarterly patch management
Monitoring
Eligibility and Prerequisites
Conditions
This service supports the following products:
VMware vSphere ESXi and vCenter
Microsoft Hyper-V and SCVMM
Citrix XenServer and XenCenter
Responsibility matrix

Order & billing information
Part numbers
O.0120_0020_0070_A_S.000 Physical - Hypervisor
O.0120_0040_0130_A_S.000 Physical Onsite - Hypervisor
O.0120_0040_0140_A_S.000 Hyperconverged management (incl. Hypervisor)

Measurement
A report is generated on a monthly basis, this report is based on the CMDB and lists all servers and service details for which a Cegeka datacentre – Managed Hypervisor OS Service is delivered.
Billing
The units are billed against the price of their respective SKU’s.
(“Price/Unit” x “Quantity of Virtual – Gold Units”) +
(“Price/Unit” x “Quantity of Virtual – Silver Units”) + 
(“Price/Unit” x “Quantity of Virtual – Bronze Units”).
