 
 
VERSION CONTROL 
General

Version Control Table

Reviewers

Approval

Reference
Service Description
Service summary 
With Automation as a Service we focus on automating repetitive tasks or services to improve efficiency and reduce errors. From a technology point-of-view we use the Cegeka Hybrid Cloud standard software tools to streamline processes and enhance service delivery across various sectors.
Key aspects of Service Automation
Purpose: Service Automation aims to increase efficiency, improve accuracy, enhance customer experience, reduce costs, and provide scalability. 
Components: 
Process Definition: Documenting steps involved in a workflow
Workflow Management: Monitoring and controlling task flow
Task Automation: Automating individual tasks within the workflow
Integration: Connecting with other systems and data sources
Reporting and Analytics: Tracking and analyzing performance metrics
Applications: 
ICT Automation: Includes configuration management, self-service, workflow automation, monitoring and maintenance and syncing & provisioning.
Benefits: 
Reduced errors and improved accuracy
Time and cost savings
Enhanced resource allocation
Improved scalability
Increased customer satisfaction

Services
Standard Services
Provide automation support for the HC and DWP competences from ideation over analysis & design to implementation phase
Automation support has to be considered on different levels and aspects:
Implementing service requests and link with Horizon
Providing shared libraries: global (supported within automation) vs team (supported within the CC’s)
Assisting in and/or creating of Jenkins pipelines: integration to Cegeka tooling (Horizon/USD/etc), while the CC can focus on their specific technical pipeline
Oros reporting & dashboarding
Scheduling support with supported schedulers (at this moment: IWS) (enterprise grade + low-level tool)
Framework & guidelines usage of Jenkins
etc
Automation requests are collected & consolidated based on the input of the other competences (technical CC’s within delivery, change management & architecture)
Improving existing automations
Designing and implementing new automations in close cooperation with the other competences for technology-specific coding
Functional analysis will be foreseen from within the automation team 

Optional Services
N/A.  

Service Request 
Requests related to this Service can be ordered and will result in the execution of that request by means of a Cegeka change order. 
Each request has a throughput time to deliver the request (after approval or pre-approval on the customer’s CAB).
 
Out of scope 
Everything that is not explicitly mentioned in this service descriptions is by default out of scope.



Service Characteristics 
Obligatory Services
N/A

Prerequisites & Conditions 
The tooling to support automations needs to be provided and maintained by Cegeka competence teams.
For example:
Jenkins
GitLab
Jira
Confluence
Terraform
…
A test environment will be set up to test the automations for HC, DWP and DIO.
Cegeka owned licenses and/or subscriptions
These licenses and/or subscriptions and their cost are included in this Service.
It is Cegeka’s responsibility to maintain license and/or subscription compliance.

Licenses and/or subscriptions used for Enabling Services are included in the Service and are not listed below.


Customer owned licenses and/or subscriptions
These licenses and/or subscriptions and their cost are not included in this Service.
It is Customer responsibility to maintain license and/or subscription compliance.


Location 
This Service is not delivered from within the Customer premises. Only from the Cegeka (virtual) Office Environment.

Ownership 
All development and hardware used to disclose the automations remains property of Cegeka. Scripts and automation flows are intellectual property of Cegeka, even the ones specifically developed for the customer.
Miscellaneous 
N/A.



RACI Matrix
Listed below are the activities related to the Service, the activities RACI related to enabling services are listed in the Enabling Services Document.


RACI Role definition
Responsible: The party who is responsible for the execution of the activity.  
Accountable: The party ultimately accountable for the correct and thorough completion of the task and/or activity as performed by the Responsible. For each task and/or activity exactly one Accountable must be specified. The Accountable has the mandate to accept/dismiss on work provided by the Responsible. The Accountable is by default reactive. 
Consulted: The party who must be consulted and must approve or provide input prior to execution. This party (partly) gives direction to the result. This is about two-way communication. 
Informed: That is the person/party who is informed about the decisions, progress and results achieved, so that the next step can be taken. This is about one-way communication.


Onboarding
Service Levels Management
Service Window


Service Level


Service Billing
Measurement 
The quantity of each billing element is determined on a mentioned frequency basis (e.g. monthly):
the quantities are determined by the number of deployed entities which are used in the billing month.

Calculation / Billing 
The price(s) is/are determined in the pricing schedule where this Service is residing.
The Service is billed per billing element:
price of each ‘billing element’ * quantity of each ‘billing element’ as defined in the measurement

Standard Service Billing
 
 

Optional Service Billing



Service Request Billing


(*) Billing Method: 
Default: pre-agreed fixed price per standard change
T&M: Time& Material
(**) Approval Method:
Default: pre-approved by customer
Approval/CAB: separate approval necessary prior to execution

Non-Standard Change Billing
Non-Standard change billing can be done as follows:
Default: billed in Time & Material follow the ‘Change Management process’
Optional: by a fixed price agreement after formal offering and approvement by both parties
Relation to Enabling Services
[In order to guarantee the Service quality Cegeka refers to the Enabling Services from the contract document set and their corresponding standard KPI's.]
[The following table listed only relevant specifics regarding enabling services for the product.
When in the table no specific is filled, this implies that the service adheres to the standards described in the Enabling Services document.]


