 
 


Service Description
Service identification
Service summary 
Application Management Services
The Service provides the end-to-end management of the ‘Oracle Accounting & Procurement Solution - APS’ application (The Application) from a functional applicative perspective. Together with the underlaying obligatory Platform services, Cegeka unburdens the customer with all functional and technical aspects from infrastructure up to the functional Application.
The Standard Service features consist out of:
Functional Application Management service of the Application components by Cegeka Partner ‘RMC’
Technical Application Management service of the Application components by Cegeka Partner ‘RMC’
A service desk as single point of contact for the end-users of Argenta
Application development based on Argenta requests and specifications (T&M based)
Management of the underlying infrastructure by Cegeka Infra (as part of another Service Description)
End-to-end service management by Cegeka
The Application
The ‘Oracle Accounting & Procurement Solution (APS)’ provided and (functionally) managed by RMC.

Service features 
Standard Service features 
Application knowledge
The application knowledge resides at Cegeka’s partner ‘RMC’.
Application Management
The Oracle APS management Service provides end-to-end management for:
Oracle E-Business Suite (EBS) 
Oracle Data Integrator (ODI)
Oracle Apex
Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition (OBIEE) 
Oracle Data Integrator (ODI)
IVL (Finance “Informatie Voorzienings Laag”)

. This includes
Single point of contact service desk by Cegeka (see Cegeka infrastructure/workplace contract for details)
Technical Application Management of the Oracle applications by RMC. 
Management of the underlying infrastructure (engineered systems and database) by Cegeka (see separate service descriptions on engineered systems and database management for details) 
Applicative database management of ODI, EBS, OBIEE, IVL, APEX
End-to-end service management


Application Management
Functional Maintenance (by RMC) entails all non-infra and non-technical application issues and requests.

Technical Application Management
Technical Application Management (by RMC) includes the following tasks: 
Oracle E-Business Suite
Deployment of custom development (packages, DB objects, …) on SIM, VAL, SIC and PRD.
Deployment on lower-level environments (DVL,ACC) is the responsibility of Argenta 
Oracle EBS System Administration and Oracle Database Administration, including cloning, technical support, troubleshooting and investigating, performance issues
Oracle Data Integrator
Deployment of custom development (loadplans) on SIM, SIC, VAL and PRD 
Access management
Connection management
Performing imports and exports
APEX
Deployment of custom development  on SIM, VAL, SIC and PRD
Ensuring the availability of the application
Starting and stopping the application when requested by Argenta
OBIEE
Deployment of custom development (.bar / .rpd files) on SIM and PRD 
Ensuring the availability of the application
Starting and stopping the application when requested by Argenta
Axway
Starting Axway MFT agents
Changes to the setup if requested by Argenta
Deployment of patches




Single point of contact
Cegeka will act as Single Point Of Contact. The following drawing summarizes the responsibilities:


Monitoring events will also be logged by the Cegeka Service desk and dispatched to RMC if applicable.


Tactical Application Management meeting
Argenta, Cegeka and RMC hold each quarter a tactical meeting. Examples of topics to discuss include (but are not limited to):
Service performance review
Business case
Business forecast
Customer satisfaction
Follow up of the collaboration and relationship
Capacity management
Innovation initiatives
The meeting agenda will be defined up front based on questions and requirements of the three parties at that time.
Operational Application Management meeting
Argenta, Cegeka and RMC hold a two-weekly operational meeting, where the following topics are discussed:
Incident management
Request management
Problem management
Change management
Housekeeping
Recurrent maintenance activities (housekeeping) are needed to ensure the correct working of the Application. Automation is applied where possible. 
Proactive management
Housekeeping includes following regular checks:
The running of the Application on its platform
Inspection of the Application after OS patching
system trends (trends of CPU/memory/disk usage) on deviations in evolution
assure the Application and Application settings are part of the backup of the underlaying platform

Resolution actions are triggered when needed and followed to assure the SLA.

Patching
The following patches are in scope of this Service:
EBS:
Security patches (2x per year), additional patches will be invoiced separately
Interim patches: ad hoc, including deploy when ready and urgent vulnerability patches
Oracle Data Integrator
One off patches
Apex
Security and other patches, when requested by Argenta
OBIEE
Security and other patches, when requested by Argenta
Databases
EBS database: within the EBS application patching
Other databases: according to the Service Description DBMS Management
Underlying systems
According to the Service Description Oracle Engineered Systems
Life Cycle Management
Cegeka monitors the Technology version of the service and notifies the Customer in accordance with the agreed LCM policy (see cross-functional Services) when used versions are subject to end-of-support or end-of-life. Appropriate actions (updates, replacement or other actions) are planned in accordance with agreed maintenance windows and will be executed on T&M basis in case of major updates. Patches and minor updates are included in the service cost as part of ‘Patching’.

Monitoring
Cegeka monitors the correct working of the Application.
In order to manage the environment properly, application monitoring is set up. This is done in Cegeka's monitoring platform, so that the monitoring of the applicationsis treated in the same way as the rest of the Argenta landscape. 
EBS
Availability concurrent manager processes
Long running requests
Conc Requests in Warning / error
Invalid database objects
Mail queue of the notification mailer
Test pages webservices for “mandaten en domiciliëringen”
ODI
Availability of the ODI agent
OBIEE
Weblogic components
Availability of OBIEE analytics web page

The monitoring of the databases and underlying systems is described in the service descriptions for DBMS management and Engineered Systems.
Monitoring improvements will be done during the lifecycle of the Service and are based on evaluation of incidents, problem management or other suggestions.

The underlaying platform is also monitored according to the related Service Description of the platform.
Monitoring events are evaluated during the Service Window in accordance to the Service Level of the individual environment. Notable events are treated as Incident tickets and are handled according to regular incident management.
Security and Compliance
Management of users
User & Access Management for RMC accounts is included in this Service. 

Detection of security incidents
The security management is performed following the Cegeka internal security policies and the contractual Customer security policies.
Security incidents are created in case a security breach is detected and is immediately communicated to the Customer and Cegeka stakeholders.
SIEM
Additional monitoring can be done based on System and/or Application logs, which can be forwarded to a Customer SIEM solution (Security reason) or other solution (compliance reason, e.g. central collection of application logs to oversee the application stack) on request.

Underlaying Platform hardening
The underlaying platform and OS will be hardened as part of and according to the Service Description of the related Services.
Backup and Restore
The operational Backup Plan contains the information on frequency and retention of the backups in accordance to the Customer backup policy.
Restores can be done both on file and on full system level. These can be requested via the regular RFC process.
Duration of a restore is dependant of the request (file or full; size of the item(s) to be restored).
Application settings are subject to the backup of the underlaying platform. 
Incident and problem management
Besides monitoring incidents (see ‘Monitoring’) also other incidents can be reported by both the Customer and Cegeka. These will be subject to the regular incident management process (See Cross-functionals).
Related to incident management, Cegeka performs also problem management (See Cross-functionals).
Customers responsibility
The customer is responsible for the installation of the software during the release, based in the provided binaries and manual.
Optional Service features 
This section describes the features that can be optionally added to the standard Service features and that will be priced (when applicable) on top of the standard Service features.

The following optional features are possible with the Service:
(the service has no optional features)
Requests
Both the Customer and Cegeka can issue a Request for Change (RFC) or a Request for Information (RFI).
There are multiple types of requests:
Service Request
This is a pre-defined request
Some can be requested via Horizon: these are pre-approved and pre-defined requests
Service request that is not pre-approved will be executed after approval by the CAB
Service Requests are executed as a change ticket and will be delivered within the indicated lead time. 
The pre-defined execution is optimal automated. 
This is used for requests that are often needed (multiple times per month).
These have a fixed price.
Normal Changes :
these are other non pre-defined requests
they need an evaluation and analysis where Cegeka needs to deliver a proposal and impact analysis to address the change request (with a T&M estimation).
A successive review, approval and planning (maintenance window) by a CAB of the proposal is needed prior to execution.
These are billed on T&M basis.
The handling of Requests is subject to the regular change management process (see Cross-functionals).

Out of scope 
Everything that is not explicitly mentioned in this service description is by default out of scope of this Service. Specifically: 
APS applications, not managed by RMC, including, but not limited to:
Oracle Hyperion Financial Data Quality Management (FDM)
Adaptive maintenance : functional changes (bug fixes are included in the service)
Integration with other systems and databases (e.g ETL)

Service characteristics 
Obligatory
The following services are mandatory for the delivery of this service:
Platform : PCA appliance with OS management
Backup/Restore services
Cegeka owned Licenses and/or subscriptions
The licenses and/or subscriptions listed in this section and their cost are included in this Service.
It is Cegeka’s responsibility to maintain license and/or subscription compliance.
Licenses and/or subscriptions used for Cross-Functional Services are included in the Service and are not listed below.
Customer owned Licenses and/or subscriptions
The licenses and/or subscriptions listed in this section and their cost are not included in this Service.
It is the customers responsibility to maintain license and/or subscription compliance.
Conditions 
n/a
Service delivery location
This Service is delivered remotely by the sub-outsourcer.
Service Reporting
The Cross-functional reporting is part of this Service Reporting where it is applicable for this service (see section ‘Relation to Cross-Functional Services’).

There is no specific (recurrent) reporting for this Service.

Data classification
Cegeka and the RMC require no access to confidential and/or personal data to perform this Service.
Engineer credentials do not need to access such data for the purpose of this Service.
In case of assistance in investigations of functional issues, Cegeka personnel may see or receive fragments of such data in case it is shared by the Customer (data fragments in the sense of exports, screen sharing, screen shots, etc. for investigation purposes).
Use of Subcontractor/Sub-outsourcer
This service is delivered with:
Subcontractor (Cegeka manages the Service with own engineers which are supported by an external party for escalations or technology specific questions or issues):
(none)
Sub-outsourcer (Cegeka delegates the Service to an external party):
RMC Cronos Group
Miscellaneous 
n/a
RACI Matrix
RACI role definition:
R-Responsible: The party who is responsible for the execution of the activity.  
A- Accountable: The party ultimately accountable for the correct and thorough completion of the task and/or activity as performed by the Responsible. For each task and/or activity exactly one Accountable must be specified. The Accountable has the mandate to accept/dismiss on work provided by the Responsible. The Accountable is by default reactive. 
C-Consulted: The party who must be consulted and must approve or provide input prior to execution. This party (partly) gives direction to the result. This is about two-way communication. 
I-Informed: That is the person/party who is informed about the decisions, progress and results achieved, so that the next step can be taken. This is about one-way communication.

Adherence to Cross-Functional Services 
The Service described in this Service Description adheres to the Cross-functional Services as described in  the contract where this Service is residing unless documented in the table below:
All Cross -Functional services rely on the Cegeka standard framework for processes and tooling.

Service Level Management
Service Window 
The Service Window is the time frame during which the agreed support services from Cegeka are available. Service windows are defined in the related Service Level Management document to this contract.

The Service Window for this service is ‘Bronze’.
Service Level
Service Levels of the cross-functional services are defined in the related Service Level Management document to this contract.


Availability

The availability of this Service depends on the availability of the underlying platform and the correct functioning of the operating system.
Service Billing
Standard Service Billing
The service is billed on a monthly basis.
 
Measurement 
The quantity of each billing element 1 fixed amount.

Calculation / Billing 
The price(s) is/are determined in the pricing schedule where this Service is residing.
The Service is billed per billing element:
price of each ‘billing element’ * quantity of each ‘billing element’ as defined in the measurement
Optional Service Billing
n/a
Change Request Billing
Changes are billed on a monthly basis.

Changes as result of Pre-approved and Normal Service requests are billed according to the defined prices in the pricing document of the related contact.

Non-standard change requests are billed on T&M basis. 
Document control


Document approval
	