 
 


Service Description
Service identification
Service summary 
Software Management Services
The Service provides the tasks and activities needed to install and support the SNOW (SNOW Software Asset Management) agent on servers (The Application) from a technical perspective. Cegeka unburdens the customer with all technical aspects of the agent installation and support.
The Standard Service features are focussed to install the agent and support on the agent in case of malfunction.
Maintenance and documentation of the environment is part of the service.
Snow Database (instances) and backend servers are managed by Cegeka as part of SD OS management and database management. SNOW team will support these teams. 
Advise and support for using the user interface (Snow portal)
Advise and support installation new features like Snow Atlas. 
The ownership and management of the SNOW Asset Management is in hands of the Customer. Cegeka only installs and supports the agents running on the servers managed by Cegeka.
The Customer is responsible for the functional SNOW usage and for checking the agents reporting to the central SNOW application.


The Application
SNOW is a Software Asset Management tool based on agents running on servers and workstations.
The agents scan the local host and report back to a central SNOW entity where consolidation is done.
The Application in this context is only the SNOW agent running on the Cegeka managed servers. 
Standard Service features 
Application knowledge
Cegeka ensures skilled engineers to install and support the SNOW agents according to customer requirements.
Technical setup
Cegeka performs the installation and support based on the customer requirements. General technical setup is documented by Cegeka and shared with the customer. Documentation will be updated in case set up will change.
Technical management
Technical management
There is no technical management included in the service, apart from the installation of the agent conform the procedure delivered by the customer. The initial setup is performed by SNOW and Cegeka will support and assist SNOW with the installation.
Please note that the OS management of the server running the Snow application is managed by Cegeka (based on the advice from SNOW).
Patching
 Installation of new versions (updates of SNOW agents) will be done by Cegeka in collaboration with Customer license team. Triggers for updates of agents can be triggered based on a feature request (Cegeka or Customer) or on request of Snow.
Life Cycle Management 
LCM is included in the service.
Monitoring
 Monitoring of the Snow Agents installations is done based on health-status report. 
Security and Compliance
Management of technical users
n/a
Detection of security incidents
n/a
SIEM
n/a
Underlaying Platform hardening
n/a

Backup and Restore
n/a
Incident and problem management
Incidents on Snow agents will be reported via the Snow tool and managed as cross functionals. 
Customers responsibility
The functional usage and monitoring of the SNOW software is the responsibility of the Customer.
Optional Service features 
This section describes the features that can be optionally added to the standard Service features and that will be priced (when applicable) on top of the standard Service features.

The following optional features are possible with the Service. 
(there are no optional features)

Requests
Both the Customer and Cegeka can issue a Request for Change (RFC) or a Request for Information (RFI).
There are multiple types of requests:
Service Request
This is a pre-defined request
Some can be requested via Horizon: these are pre-approved and pre-defined requests
Service request that is not pre-approved will be executed after approval by the CAB
Service Requests are executed as a change ticket and will be delivered within the indicated lead time. 
The pre-defined execution is optimal automated. 
This is used for requests that are often needed (multiple times per month).
These have a fixed price.
Normal Changes :
these are other non pre-defined requests
they need an evaluation and analysis where Cegeka needs to deliver a proposal and impact analysis to address the change request (with a T&M estimation).
A successive review, approval and planning (maintenance window) by a CAB of the proposal is needed prior to execution.
These are billed on T&M basis.
The handling of Requests is subject to the regular change management process (see Cross-functionals).


Out of scope 
Everything that is not explicitly mentioned in this service description is by default out of scope of this Service. Specifically: 
(no specific items)
Service characteristics 
Obligatory
The following services are mandatory for the delivery of this service:
OS management of the system by Cegeka
Cegeka owned Licenses and/or subscriptions
The licenses and/or subscriptions listed in this section and their cost are included in this Service.
It is Cegeka’s responsibility to maintain license and/or subscription compliance.
Licenses and/or subscriptions used for Cross-Functional Services are included in the Service and are not listed below.

Customer owned Licenses and/or subscriptions
The licenses and/or subscriptions listed in this section and their cost are not included in this Service.
It is the customers responsibility to maintain license and/or subscription compliance. Cegeka will report & advise on demand regarding license management.

Conditions 
n/a
Service delivery location
This Service is delivered remotely from the Cegeka (virtual) Office environment.
Service Reporting
The Cross-functional reporting is part of this Service Reporting where it is applicable for this service (see section ‘Relation to Cross-Functional Services’).

n/a for this service
Data classification
Cegeka requires no access to confidential and/or personal data to perform this Service.
Engineer credentials do not need to access such data for the purpose of this Service.
In case of assistance in investigations of functional issues, Cegeka personnel may see or receive fragments of such data in case it is shared by the Customer (data fragments in the sense of exports, screen sharing, screen shots, etc. for investigation purposes).
Use of Subcontractor/Sub-outsourcer
This service is delivered with:
Subcontractor (Cegeka manages the Service with own engineers which are supported by an external party for escalations or technology specific questions or issues):
(none)
Sub-outsourcer (Cegeka delegates the Service to an external party):
(none)
Miscellaneous 
n/a
RACI Matrix


RACI role definition:
R-Responsible: The party who is responsible for the execution of the activity.  
A- Accountable: The party ultimately accountable for the correct and thorough completion of the task and/or activity as performed by the Responsible. For each task and/or activity exactly one Accountable must be specified. The Accountable has the mandate to accept/dismiss on work provided by the Responsible. The Accountable is by default reactive. 
C-Consulted: The party who must be consulted and must approve or provide input prior to execution. This party (partly) gives direction to the result. This is about two-way communication. 
I-Informed: That is the person/party who is informed about the decisions, progress and results achieved, so that the next step can be taken. This is about one-way communication.
Adherence to Cross-Functional Services 
The Service described in this Service Description adheres to the Cross-functional Services as described in  the contract where this Service is residing unless documented in the table below:
All Cross -Functional services rely on the Cegeka standard framework for processes and tooling.

Service Level Management
Service Window 
The Service Window is the time frame during which the agreed support services from Cegeka are available. Service windows are defined in the related Service Level Management document to this contract.
Service Level
Service Levels of the cross-functional services are defined in the related Service Level Management document to this contract.

Availability

There are no availability KPI’s.

Service Billing
Standard Service Billing
The service is billed on a monthly basis.
 
Measurement 
The quantity of each billing element is determined on a monthly basis:
the quantities are determined by the contractual agreement which are used in the billing month.

Calculation / Billing 
The price(s) is/are determined in the pricing schedule where this Service is residing.
The Service is billed per billing element:
price of each ‘billing element’ * quantity of each ‘billing element’ as defined in the measurement
Optional Service Billing
n/a
Service Request Billing
Changes are billed on a monthly basis.

Changes as result of Pre-approved and normal Service requests are billed according to the defined prices in the pricing document of the related contact.

Non-standard change requests are billed on T&M basis.
Document control


Document approval


