
 
Service description

Definitions
The following definitions shall have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them. 

“Business Hours”: Monday through Friday from 8:00 to 18:00 EST.
“Log Source” : device or system which generates Security Events 
“Horizon” : Customer Portal provided by Cegeka for reporting and change management
“Initial Priority” : the priority which is pre-assigned automaticity to a Security Alert specific to a technology.
“SOC/CSIRT Analyst” : Member of the SOC performing Incident Response activities
“Security Event” : data recorded by a security system which represent security related occurrence, such as a failed or successful login attempt, allowed connection through a firewall, … 
“Security Alert” :  A notification of a potential security anomaly violating security policies.​
“Security Incident” :  A Security Alert that has been triaged and has indications of malicious or unwanted activities which requires additional investigation.​ 
“Confirmed Security Incident” : A Security Incident that has been investigated and verified to include malicious or unwanted activities.​
“Service” : Managed Detection & Response services




Service Overview
The Managed Detection & Response (MDR) services can be delivered through different technological types:
ENDPOINT – Using Microsoft Defender for Endpoint to detect malicious activities upon the endpoint devices.

SIEM – Using Microsoft Sentinel to consolidate & analyze data and events logs to detect malicious activities within the organization.

Identity – Using Microsoft Defender for Identity & Entra ID Identity protection to detect malicious misuse of your companies’ identities. 

CLOUD – Using Microsoft Defender for Cloud to detect malicious activities within cloud workload environments.

MS XDR – Using Microsoft 365 Defender suite to detect malicious activities within the digital workplace. 

OT – Using Microsoft Defender for OT to detect malicious activities within the OT environment

PHISHING - Using Microsoft Defender for Office 365 to detect user-reported phishing mail within the digital workplace.

Each Service will start with the Transition Service(s) to bring it into production which will start the Run Services. The transition Services consists of two (2) types: 
Technical Implementation includes all the technical implementation(s) of the chosen technologies in the customer’s environment.

Operational Readiness includes all the governance and operational processes to efficiently perform the RUN services.

After the transition, the Managed Services will start, which consists of three (3) types:
Detection Services include everything related to the detection of security incidents.

Response Services include everything related to the response to security incidents. 

Platform Services include everything related to collaboration and maintaining the technology like configuration & license.


The following table consists of a high-level overview of the Transition & Run services of each of the services:


Transition Services
Transition Services consists of two (2) types of activities:
Technical Implementation 
Operational Readiness 
These two (2) activities form a consistent approach in completing the transition of the MDR Service towards Run Services. The start of the Transition Services begins when the contract is signed and ends when the “Ready for Service” requirements are met which are described below.



During the Transition Services Cegeka will not perform Security Alerts / Security Incident handling.
Technical implementation
The goal of the technical implementation is to implement all technical measures as stated in the Statement of Work. 
Cegeka will perform the following activities during the technical implementation:
Schedule and host a kick-off meeting with the customer.
Create the technical design in co-creation with the customer.
Setup the technology platform(s)
Provide installation guides towards the customer for deploying required end-user agents, if necessary
Deploy stand-alone agents with the cooperation of the customer, if necessary 
Integrate the scoped technologies into the SOC platform.
Keep the customer informed and up to date during the implementation phase.

For Cegeka to be able to effectively perform the technical implementation, the customer is responsible for:
Provide technical documentation and insights into the environment.
Provide ad-hoc assistance when required.
Provide accounts when required to perform the implementation.
Provide the necessary connectivity to be able to connect all scoped technologies to Cegeka. 

The technical implementation will be formalized on a per project base in a Technical Design document. This document will include all the technical decisions related to the Service.
Operational Readiness
The goal of Operational Readiness is that both customer and Cegeka have a clear understanding of the governance and operational processes related to the Managed Detection & Response service.
Cegeka will perform the following activities during the Operational Readiness:
Agreement on the project governance containing:
Project Plan
Ready For Service (RFS)
Align on Incident Response Plan procedures.
Exchange information required to perform the Service.
Agreement on asset scope information
Agreement on (automated) response actions
The Operational Readiness will be formalized on a per project basis in a Customer Scoping Document. This document will include all the operational agreements related to the Service.
The Customer is responsible for informing Cegeka of any changes which may impact the Service.
RFS - Ready-for-Service
The RFS indicates that all the prerequisites are completed during the transition period to start the Service. This is the moment Cegeka will perform the Managed Services on the full contracted scope and invoicing will start accordingly.
The prerequisites for the RFS are:

To reduce the operational pressure for the customer, a one-month learning period is applied after the start of the RFS date to fine-tune the environment to reduce the number of false positives. This implies that all Security Alerts will only be handled during Business Hours until the learning period has ended, and no SLAs are measured. After this period, the Service will go into full operational mode including all SLA.
The RFS date has a maximum term of three (3) months after signing the contract unless explicitly agreed otherwise.

Managed Services
Cegeka works with a standardized “Security Incident Response Plan (S-IRP)” which describes how Cegeka handles information Security Incidents as part of the Managed Detection & Response Service to Customers. 
Every occurrence of a Security Alert potentially resulting in a Security Incident is handled logically as described in this plan. The assignment of roles & responsibilities as well as the services and products available to Cegeka within a specific context will determine which parts of the plan will be executed by Cegeka, its customer or 3rd parties mandated by either or both. 
This document describes the entire process, but the contractual agreements and Security Customer Scoping Document (S-CSD) will determine which of the process phases and activities will be handled by Cegeka under which conditions.  

High-level representation of the S-IRP

The S-IRP consist of the following steps:
PREPARE: This includes Transition Services related to preparing the services for the customer during 

Included in Technical Implementation & Operational Readiness

DETECT: This includes activities related to detection Security Alerts within the customer environment

Included in Advanced Threat Intelligence, Threat Hunting & 24x7 Security Monitoring

ANALYZE: This includes activities related to analyzing Security Alerts and Security Incidents

Included in Advanced Threat Intelligence, Threat Hunting & 24x7 Security Monitoring

CONTAIN: This includes activities related to containing Security Incidents within the customer environment

Included in Threat Response

ERADICATE: This includes activities related to eradication the malicious artifacts within the customer environment related to the Security Incident

Only follow up and support are part of this service.

RECOVER: This includes activities related to recovering the impact systems within the customer environment related to the Security Incident

Only follow up and support are part of this service.

POST-INCIDENT: This includes post-incident activities like reporting, lessons learned, and recommendations related to the Security Incident.

Included in Cyber Security Advisory

Advanced Threat Intelligence
Our SOC platform incorporated Advanced Threat Intelligence feeds by default. This helps improve real-time detection of the latest emerging threats and a more effective investigation of Security Alerts/Incidents.
Based upon the nature and type of threat, the following activities will be done to improve detection:
Identity threats by matching known Indicators of Compromise (IOC’s) like IP, hashes, URLs, e-mails, and certificates based upon the available data sources.
Receive periodic insights into active threats and threat actors to be aware on a global scale.
Periodically provide Threat News updates on new Tactics, Techniques and Procedures (TTP) which are used by Threat Actors
Based upon the nature and type of Security Alerts/Incidents, the following enrichments will be done:
Add Threat Context to the involved artifacts like IP, hashes, URLs, e-mails, and certificates. 
Verify IOC’s (hashes, IP and URLs) against multiple IOC specific threat intel’s to check for false positives.
Add Risk scores (0-100) to IOC to better estimate the potential risk.
Threat hunting
On a monthly basis a threat hunter will proactively search through Security Events to find suspicious, or risky activities that have evaded detection by existing tools. Threat hunting will also consider historical data when searching for anomalies/outliers. 
Cegeka will perform the following activities regarding Threat Hunting:
Use Advanced Threat Intelligence as part of defining the hunts for the customer.
Use the scoped technologies to perform the regular Threat Hunt
Inform the customer about the threat hunts and respond to any questions.
Assess the nature and impact of any potential threats discovered.
Inform the customer of any discovered potential threats and create a Security Incident for further investigations.
Conduct ad-hoc threat hunts applicable to the customer’s environment when new IOC’s or TTP’s are discovered.
Report on the results of the performed threat hunts.
24x7 Security Monitoring
The goal of Security Monitoring is to continuously monitor the customer’s environment based upon the scoped technologies and uncover potential security incidents which need to be act upon.
Cegeka will perform the following activities regarding Security Monitoring:
Monitor the customer’s environment based upon the scoped technologies to detect new Security Alerts
Enrich Security Alerts according to the available data sources.
Assign a SOC analyst to investigate Security Alert according to the Initial Priority.
Perform Triage on Security Alerts to identify Security Incidents. This includes the following steps:
Investigate the Security Alert to filter out false positives.
Assign a Security Incident Priority based upon the Security Incident Priority definitions.
Classify the Security Incident Area
Perform in-depth investigation using the scoped technologies to determine the best containment action or advice to take.
Document the Security incident in a Security Incident ticket.
Notify the customer according to the communication plan. 

For Cegeka to able to effectively perform Security Monitoring, the customer is responsible for:
Notify Cegeka if he believes a Security Incident is occurring relevant to the scope of the Service.
Provide cooperation and contractability when required to assess the nature of the Security Incident.
Notify Cegeka if any changes in the environment are occurring which may have an impact on the performance of the Service.

Security Incident Priority 
The priority of each Security Incident will be determined according to urgency and impact of the Security Incident. Based upon those two factors, the appropriated priority will be assigned accordingly: 


The priority can change during the Security Incident Response Process.
Security Incident Area
Each Security Incident will be classified with an Area to represent the type of Security Incident which best suits the events seen during our investigations. 
Cegeka uses 17 standardized Security Incident Areas to classify Security Incidents:


















The Security Incident Area can change during the Security Incident Response Process.
Communication Plan
Once a Security Incident has been identified, the customer will receive information about the Security Incident in the following ways based upon the priority: 


The Initial Notification will be done once the Security Incident Ticket has been created and will be communicated towards the Operational Contact(s) which is defined in the Customer Scoping document.
The Security Incident Updates are pro-active notifications from our SOC given to the customer on a recurring base depending on the priority of the Security Incident. These notifications will start once a Security Incident Ticket has been created and will stop when a containment action is performed, or advice is given. 


Threat Response
The goal of Threat Response is to contain an active Security Incident as to reduce further impact in the customer’s environment. A threat Response only includes containment actions and does not include any activities related to eradicating malicious files or recovering impacted systems.
Containment actions must always be approved by the customer before Cegeka can execute the recommended actions. The approval   can either be “pre-approved” or ad-hoc.
In case the containment action is pre-approved, Cegeka will execute the recommended containment action(s) and will notify the customer.
In case the containment action is not pre-approved, Cegeka will request ad-hoc approval and will wait for the customer’s approval before execution the recommended action(s). If executed, the customer will be notified.
Based upon the nature of the Security Incident, the following response action(s) can be executed in the customer’s environment. 

The pre-approved containment action(s) and relevant scope will be formalized in the Customer Scoping document.

Cyber Security Advisory
Service Meetings
Service meetings are standard included monthly unless explicitly mentioned otherwise. During monthly Service meetings, the Cyber Security Advisor will present security Service reporting.
Service Meetings will be held during Business hours unless explicitly agreed otherwise.
Service Reporting
The Service Reporting contains all insights regarding the Managed Detection & Response Service during that month.

The following insights will be reported:
High-Level overview of all Security incident during that month
Detailed information about P1 and P2 Security Incidents
All changes to the Service
SLA and KPI reporting
Horizon Portal
The Horizon platform is a central digital engagement point for customers which can be consulted via the user-friendly web interface.
The Horizon Portal can be used for the following activities:
Collaborate in Security Incident tickets. 
Request changes
Create Security Incident(s)
View Service dashboards
View technology platform dashboards
This platform will continuously be improved and developed with more features.
Cyber Security Advisor
The Cyber Security Advisor is the point of contact for all tactical and strategic security topics and acts as a liaison between Customer’s security stakeholders and Cegeka. 
The Cyber Security Advisor has the following responsibilities:
Organize recurring security Service meetings.
Present the security report.
Advice on resilience recommendations to improve the security posture of the customer.
Available during Business Hours to contact via email or phone. 
Analyze Security Incidents on a monthly base and provide feedback or actions when required.

The Cyber Security Advisory is delivered based on an agreed number of days per month, including monthly security Service meetings, all activities required to prepare the meetings and the actions related to decisions agreed upon during the meetings.
Platform Management
License Management
The licenses for the technologies are not part of the Service itself but can be provided by Cegeka if required. 
Configuration & Release Management
The goal of Configuration & Release Management is to ensure the quality and performance of the technology used within the Managed Detection & Response service.  
Cegeka is responsible for the following activities regarding Configuration & Release Management:
Follow up on the vendor recommendations regarding policies and versions.
If required, perform product and security updates according to the vendors’ recommendations within a reasonable timeframe.
Manage and maintain the Policy Configuration of all security technologies which are included in the Service. 
Create backup(s) of on-premises systems.
Health Monitoring
The goal of Health Monitoring is to continuously monitor the health of the technology used within the Managed Detection & Response service.  
Cegeka is responsible for the following activities regarding Health Monitoring:
Monitor the health and availability of the software agents.
Monitor the health and availability of the SOC platform.
Monitor the health and availability of on-premises systems (such as Log Collectors)
Monitor the health of the data ingestion per data source type in the SIEM environment.
Generating Security Incidents through Health & Availability monitoring when action(s) are required.
Resolve Security Incident(s) based upon the Security Incident Response Plan.

For Cegeka to able to effectively perform Health Monitoring, the customer is responsible for:
Provide Cegeka ad-hoc access to on-premises systems when direct access is not possible.
Log Management
A SIEM collects and securely stores the machine data generated from Log Source types such as network, endpoint, identity & access management, anti-malware, and other. The data can be collected using syslog, forwarding agents, API, or other types of integration with data sources and event collectors. Once data has been collected, it will be normalized and correlated against threat detection rules which trigger Security Alerts. 
Cegeka is responsible for the following activities regarding Log Management:
The documentation of all relevant data sources for the Service
The configuration of syslog, forwarding agents and/or API integrations to collect the relevant data sources.
Maintaining and continuously improving detection use cases to improve detection coverage and reduce false positives based upon the customer environment.
Reporting on used data sources
Maintaining the Log Retention requirements, as agreed with the customer.
In case of a Managed Log Collector, Cegeka is responsible for the additional activities regarding Log Management:
Upgrading and patching of the Log Collector host.
Monitoring the health of the Log Collector host.
For Cegeka to able to effectively perform Log Management, the customer is responsible for:
Provide Cegeka ad-hoc access to on-premises systems when direct access is not possible.

The onboarding of new data source types which are not in scope, requires an initial investigation and a separate implementation project on a T&M basis.
Custom Use Case Development 
A use case indicates a customer-specific scenario based upon several technical events for which the customer would like to be covered within the Service. For each of these use cases, the following is defined and documented:
One or more technical events used to indicate the potential occurrence of the scenario.
The predefined response workflow. This can vary between the minimal escalation information and a detailed technical procedure to be executed.
Whenever possible, the response workflow execution is automated resulting in automated Security Incident ticket creation. The possibilities to do so are determined by the complexity and variables within the workflow taking into accuracy (changes of false positives/negatives).
If Customer requires any of these additional use-cases, they can be developed on a T&M basis.

User Management


Governance
Process
Authorized Contacts
For security reasons, only people identified as Authorized Contact are allowed to collaborate with our Cegeka SOC. Only they can interact with the Cegeka SOC. All other persons will automatically be prevented and will be notified towards the Customer. These are also the people who will receive the monthly report.
The Authorized Contacts will be formalized in the Customer Scoping document.
Operational & Escalation Contact
Any new Security Incident will result in a notification towards the customer Operational Contact(s). 
If any blocking issues prevents Cegeka from continuing the Service as agreed, an escalation towards the customer Escalation Contact will be done.
The Operational & Escalation contact(s) will be formalized in the Customer Scoping document.
Decommissioning process
At the end of the MDR Service, Cegeka retains the right to:
Remove any of the Intellectual Property used during the Service to improve the overall quality.

At the end of the MDR Service, the customer retains the right to:
Gain full access to the management of customer owned technologies used within the MDR service.

At the end of the MDR Service, the customer has thirty (30) days from the date of termination to retain the right to:
Request a copy of the customer’s data to a designated location. Cegeka will transfer the data to the designated location owned by the customer. The data will contain all possible information which is technically possible to provide. This will be priced via Time and Material. Such requests must be submitted via e-mail. If Customer does not request the data within the 30-day period described above, Cegeka will permanently destroy all data no longer under a valid Service contract. 

Technology
The following technologies can be supported in our Managed Detection & Response service.
Microsoft Defender for Endpoint
Cegeka will provide the Managed Detection & Response service based upon the Endpoint technology of Microsoft Defender for Endpoint. The following elements are unique to Microsoft Defender for Endpoint:
Supported Versions
Initial Priority assessment
Technology ownership
Technology requirements
Health checks
Supported Versions
Defender for Endpoint Plan 2
Initial Priority Assessment
The following Initial Priority will be applied for Security Incident(s) triggered by Defender for Endpoint:
Technology ownership
Cegeka will take ownership of the technology Microsoft Defender for Endpoint as described below:
Technology requirements
The following elements are required for Cegeka to perform the Service based upon Microsoft Defender for Endpoint:


Microsoft Defender for Identity
Cegeka will provide the Managed Detection & Response service based upon the ITDR technology of Microsoft Defender for Identity. This part also includes the integration with Entra ID Protection into the MDI portal.
The following elements are unique to Microsoft Defender for Identity:
Initial Priority Assessment
Technology ownership
Technology requirements
Initial Priority Assessment
The following Initial Priority will be applied for Security Incident(s) triggered by Defender for Identity:
Technology Ownership
Cegeka will take ownership of the technology Microsoft Defender for Identity as described below:
Technology requirements
The following elements are required for Cegeka to perform the Service:
Microsoft Defender for Office 365
Cegeka will provide the Managed Detection & Response service based upon Microsoft Defender for Office 365.
The following elements are unique to Microsoft Defender for Office 365:
Initial Priority Assessment
Technology ownership
Technology requirements
Supported Versions
Microsoft Defender for Office Plan 2
Initial Priority Assessment
The following Initial Priority will be applied for Security Incident(s) triggered by Defender for Office

Technology Ownership
Cegeka will take ownership of the technology Microsoft Defender for Office 365 as described below:

Technology requirements
The following elements are required for Cegeka to perform the Service:

Microsoft Defender for Cloud Apps
Cegeka will provide the Managed Detection & Response service based upon Microsoft Defender for Cloud Apps.
The following elements are unique to Microsoft Defender for Cloud Apps:
Initial Priority Assessment
Technology ownership
Technology requirements
Initial Priority Assessment
The following Initial Priority will be applied for Security Incident(s) triggered by Defender for Cloud Apps:
Technology Ownership
Cegeka will take ownership of the technology Microsoft Defender for Cloud Apps as described below:
Technology requirements
The following elements are required for Cegeka to perform the Service:








Microsoft Defender for Cloud
Cegeka will provide the Managed Detection & Response service based upon Microsoft Defender for Cloud containing:
Defender for Servers
Defender for App Service
Defender for Databases
Defender for Storage
Defender for Containers
Defender for Key Vault
Defender for Resource Manager

The following elements are unique to Microsoft Defender for Cloud:
Initial Priority Assessment
Technology ownership
Technology requirements	
Initial Priority Assessment
The following Initial Priority will be applied for Security Incident(s) triggered by Defender for Cloud:

Technology Ownership
Cegeka will take ownership of the technology Microsoft Defender for Cloud as described below:
Technology requirements
The following elements are required for Cegeka to perform the Service:


Microsoft Sentinel
Cegeka will provide the Managed Detection & Response service based upon the SIEM technology of Microsoft Sentinel.
The following elements are unique to Microsoft Sentinel:
Supported Data sources.
Initial Priority Assessment
Technology ownership
Technology requirements
Supported data sources
A list of supported data sources can be provided at request. 
Initial Priority Assessment
The following Initial Priority will be applied for Security Incident(s) triggered by Microsoft Sentinel:

Technology Ownership
Cegeka will take ownership of the technology Microsoft Sentinel as described below:


Technology requirements
The following elements are required for Cegeka to perform the Service:
Microsoft 365 Defender
Cegeka will provide the Managed Detection & Response service based upon Microsoft 365 Defender suite containing:
Defender for Endpoint
Defender for Office 365
Defender for Cloud Apps
Defender for Identity and Entra ID Identity Protection
Defender XDR

The following elements are unique to Microsoft Defender XDR:
Initial Priority Assessment
Technology ownership
Technology requirements

Initial Priority Assessment
The following Initial Priority will be applied for Security Incident(s) triggered by Microsoft 365 Defender:
	
Technology Ownership
The Technology Ownership are described on the product level.


Microsoft Defender for OT
Cegeka will provide the Managed Detection & Response service based upon the OT technology of Microsoft Defender for OT. The following elements are unique to Microsoft Defender for Endpoint:
Initial Priority assessment
Technology ownership
Technology requirements
Health checks
Initial Priority Assessment
The following Initial Priority will be applied for Security Incident(s) triggered by Defender for OT:
Technology ownership
Cegeka will take ownership of the technology Microsoft Defender for OT as described below:
Technology requirements
The following elements are required for Cegeka to perform the Service based upon Microsoft Defender for OT:

Service Levels
Availability
This Service Level is applicable to all technologies.

 
Time to Triage
This Service Level is applicable to all technologies.


Time to Investigate
This Service Level is applicable to all technologies.

Time to Respond
This Service Level is applicable to all technologies.







Eligibility and Prerequisites
Out of scope
Changes in the infrastructure of the Customer based upon the advice of the Cyber Security Advisor (unless the environment is managed by Cegeka)
Conditions
A minimum of 6 months of Log Retention is required to provide the threat hunting activities. 



Responsibilities
RACI
The table below reflect the responsibilities of Cegeka and Customer for the Cegeka Managed Detection & Response Services.



Responsible: The party who is responsible for the execution of the activity. 
Consulted: The party who must be consulted and must approve or provide input prior to execution. This party (partly) gives direction to the result. This is about two-way communication.
Informed: That is the person/party who is informed about the decisions, progress and results achieved, so that the next step can be taken. This is about one-way communication.