	 
 


Service Description
Service identification
Service summary 
Infrastructure management
This Service is the management and administration of a dedicated FW platform for the Customer (the Infrastructure). 

Important note: The dedicated firewall platforms for Argenta are only used for Cegeka service delivery & connectivity. Firewalling for the Argenta servers and from/to the external area is managed by a 3rd party.
As a result, this service description’s RACI leaves out the Customer’s A and R roles that would be in place when the dedicated firewall platforms were also used for the Customer systems.

A FW platform can be both physical or virtual:
A physical platform (appliance) can be located in the Cegeka datacenter and therefore needs housing services and network services additionally
A virtual platform (virtual appliances) can be hosted on the Cegeka IaaS platform and therefore needs these services additionally
A physical platform (appliance) can also be located on a Customer location within approval of Cegeka (case by case).
The Service includes the deployment, management, maintenance, and monitoring.
The Standard Service features are focussed to keep the Service up-and-running, to keep it secure and to optimize its technical parameters.

The Infrastructure
The FW platform can be of different makes and models. Each dedicated FW platform will be evaluated first by Cegeka and approved to take into management. Leading firewalls are covered.
General characteristics (depending on the make/model) :
No limitation on the number of VLANs
Setup and management in agreement with the Customer
Cegeka providing best practices and leading the technical setup and maintenance
Cegeka can provide redundant setup in 2 Cegeka DC locations for HA/DR configurations.

Hardware, licenses and maintenance contracts to be acquired by the Customer. Cegeka can provide offers for such items.
Service features 
Standard Service features 
Infrastructure knowledge
Cegeka ensures skilled engineers with experience on the infrastructure in order to perform the Service.
Technical setup
Cegeka proposes the setup of the Infrastructure in order to set it up according to the technology requirements of the Infrastructure and in line with the best practices of the vendor. The Customer is consulted in the setup.
Technical setup is documented on operational level and is available to the Customer.
At end-of-life, the Customer is responsible for the removal and desctruction of physical devices.
Technical management
Cegeka is responsible for the technical operation of the Infrastructure and to assure it’s correct running during the agreed availability windows.
Controls access between separate networks on L4 of the OSI model;
Executes address translation between separate networks (NAT/Hiding);
Rules management via Standard Request;
Management of the following components (if applicable):
Firewall nodes;
Firewall software;
Management station;
Management software.
Housekeeping
Recurrent maintenance activities (housekeeping) are needed to ensure the correct working of the Infrastructure. Automation is applied where possible. 

Proactive management
Housekeeping includes following regular checks:
The technical setup and the running of the Infrastructure
Maintain optimal performance by monitoring and measuring - on an ongoing basis - the key performance indicators 
Analyse and diagnose the infrastructure to achieve efficient use of capacity to deliver service requirements
The OS management of the virtualization environment, if applicable.

Resolution actions are triggered when needed and followed to assure the SLA.

Patching
The service includes a maximum of 2 patch cycles (per environment) per year for the managed service. Patching is done in accordance to the operational Patch Plan and in line with the vendors best practice.

Life Cycle Management
Cegeka respects the operating system lifecycle as provided by the vendor. 
Cegeka monitors the Infrastructure and notifies the Customer timely when they are subject to end-of-life. This includes, if applicable, the extension or replacement of the Infrastructure.
Cegeka also notifies the Customer upon newer versions of the Infrastructure in order to plan the update of the platform in time within the followed (relative) version (for example N-1).
Life Cycle Updates will be planned in accordance with the agreed maintenance windows and will be executed on T&M basis.
The customer will be informed at least 6 months in advance to properly plan the upgrade, as significant customer effort is required in application testing. 

Monitoring
Cegeka monitors the correct working of the Infrastructure.
Cegeka has developed a wide range of infrastructure checks to monitor availability of different components and available resource capacity. Most of them are pro-active based on target thresholds while others are reactive. The monitoring checks and associated thresholds are documented in the monitoring plan.
Monitoring improvements will be done during the lifecycle of the Service.
Monitoring events are evaluated during the Service Window in accordance to the Service Level of the individual environment. Notable events are treated as Incident tickets and are handled according to regular incident management.

Security and Compliance
Management of technical users
The management of technical users (for engineers) is done by Cegeka in agreement with the Customer and in accordance to the Customer IAM policies.
Detection of security incidents
The security management is performed following the Cegeka internal security policies and the contractual Customer security policies.
Security incidents are created in case a security breach is detected and is immediately communicated to the Customer and Cegeka stakeholders.
Application logs for SIEM purposes or compliance purposes
Additional monitoring can be done based on System and/or Application logs, which can be forwarded to a Customer SIEM solution (Security reason) or other solution (compliance reason, e.g. central collection of application logs to oversee the application stack) on request.
Backup and Restore
The operational Backup Plan contains the information on frequency and retention of the backups in accordance to the Customer backup policy.
Duration of a restore is dependant of the request (file or full; size of the item(s) to be restored.
Incident and problem management
Besides monitoring incidents (see ‘Monitoring’) also other incidents can be reported by both the Customer and Cegeka. These will be subject to the regular incident management process (See Cross-functionals).
Related to incident management, Cegeka performs also problem management (See Cross-functionals).
Customers responsibility
Optional, the Customer may have administrative access to the environment(s) to be able to manage their configurations.
Optional Service features 
This section describes the features that can be optionally added to the standard Service features and that will be priced (when applicable) on top of the standard Service features.

The following optional features are possible with the Service:
(there are no optional features)

Requests
Both the Customer and Cegeka can issue a Request for Change (RFC) or a Request for Information (RFI).
There are multiple types of requests:
Service Request
This is a pre-defined request
Some can be requested via Horizon: these are pre-approved and pre-defined requests
Service request that is not pre-approved will be executed after approval by the CAB
Service Requests are executed as a change ticket and will be delivered within the indicated lead time. 
The pre-defined execution is optimal automated. 
This is used for requests that are often needed (multiple times per month).
These have a fixed price.
Normal Changes :
these are other non pre-defined requests
they need an evaluation and analysis where Cegeka needs to deliver a proposal and impact analysis to address the change request (with a T&M estimation).
A successive review, approval and planning (maintenance window) by a CAB of the proposal is needed prior to execution.
These are billed on T&M basis.
The handling of Requests is subject to the regular change management process (see Cross-functionals).


Out of scope 
Everything that is not explicitly mentioned in this service description is by default out of scope of this Service. 


Service characteristics 
Obligatory
The following services are mandatory for the delivery of this service:
In case physical firewalls are managed in the Cegeka datacentre
Cegeka Cloud Housing services
Cegeka Cloud Shared LAN Services
In case virtual firewalls are managed in the Cegeka datacentre
Cegeka Cloud Housing services (where the Cloud Compute Services reside)
Cegeka Cloud Shared LAN Services
Cegeka owned Licenses and/or subscriptions
These licenses and/or subscriptions and their cost are included in this Service.
It is Cegeka’s responsibility to maintain license and/or subscription compliance.
Licenses and/or subscriptions used for Cross-Functional Services are included in the Service and are not listed below.
Customer owned Licenses and/or subscriptions
These licenses and/or subscriptions and their cost are not included in this Service.
It is the customers responsibility to maintain license and/or subscription compliance.

Administration of licenses involves: 
buying the license and/or support contract; 
the timely extension of the licenses; 
the timely cancellation of the licenses.  
License compliancy 
Customer has to share the available licenses with Cegeka. 
Cegeka will assist in customer license compliance by providing knowledge and reporting on use of licenses and license requirements.
Cegeka ensures to implement or activate features that are only in-line with the licenses owned by the customer.

Conditions 
A support contract for the FW to be managed needs to be in place by the Customer, where Cegeka must have the possibility to use.
Service delivery location
This Service is delivered remotely from the Cegeka (virtual) Office environment.
Service Reporting
Monthly reporting will be provided to inform on the availability and meeting the SLA’s and to provide insights on the capacity and expected extensions required.

Data classification
Cegeka requires no access to confidential and/or personal data to perform this Service.
Engineer credentials do not need to access such data for the purpose of this Service.
In case of assistance in investigations of functional issues, Cegeka personnel may see or receive fragments of such data in case it is shared by the Customer (data fragments in the sense of exports, screen sharing, screen shots, etc. for investigation purposes).
Use of Subcontractor/Sub-outsourcer
This service is delivered with:
Subcontractor (Cegeka manages the Service with own engineers which are supported by an external party for escalations or technology specific questions or issues):
(none, note: a support contract by the Customer for the FW needs to be in place as stated in the Conditions chapter).
Sub-outsourcer (Cegeka delegates the Service to an external party):
(none)
Miscellaneous 
n/a
RACI Matrix
RACI role definition:
R-Responsible: The party who is responsible for the execution of the activity.  
A- Accountable: The party ultimately accountable for the correct and thorough completion of the task and/or activity as performed by the Responsible. For each task and/or activity exactly one Accountable must be specified. The Accountable has the mandate to accept/dismiss on work provided by the Responsible. The Accountable is by default reactive. 
C-Consulted: The party who must be consulted and must approve or provide input prior to execution. This party (partly) gives direction to the result. This is about two-way communication. 
I-Informed: That is the person/party who is informed about the decisions, progress and results achieved, so that the next step can be taken. This is about one-way communication.
Adherence to Cross-Functional Services 
The Service described in this Service Description adheres to the Cross-functional Services as described in the contract where this Service is residing unless documented in the table below:

The Cross -Functional services rely on the Cegeka standard framework for processes and tooling.
Service Level Agreement
Service Window 
The Service Window is the time frame during which the agreed support services from Cegeka are available. Service windows are defined in the related Service Level Management document to this contract.
Service Level
Service Levels of the cross-functional services are defined in the related Service Level Management document to this contract.

Availability

The following Availability KPI’s are provided for the Service:

 
The availability measurement is monthly and calculated as:
(Total time of service window of the measured period – time of outage based on Cegeka infrastructure monitoring during the measured period) / Total time of service window of the measured period) * 100
Service Billing
Standard Service Billing
The service is billed on a monthly basis.


Measurement 
The quantity of each billing element is determined on a monthly basis:
Number of billing unit items per definition in the CMDB

Calculation / Billing 
The price(s) is/are determined in the pricing schedule where this Service is residing.
The Service is billed per billing element:
price of each ‘billing element’ * quantity of each ‘billing element’ as defined in the measurement
Optional Service Billing
n/a
Change Request Billing
Changes are billed on a monthly basis.

Changes as result of Pre-approved and Normal Service requests are billed according to the defined prices in the pricing document of the related contact.

Non-standard change requests are billed on T&M basis.
Document control


Document approval
	