 
 
Service description
Definitions

Service Introduction
This document describes the Oracle Exadata Cloud@Customer (Oracle ExaCC) service to enable a high performing Oracle databases platform.
Platform Description 
Oracle ExaCC is a hybrid cloud platform for Oracle databases. It is the database cloud platform for customers who desire cloud benefits but require their databases to be located on-premises. With Oracle ExaCC, customers can maintain absolute control over their data while leveraging the combined capabilities of Oracle Exadata and Oracle Cloud Infrastructure managed by Cegeka.
Exadata Hardware
ExaCC is built with powerful database servers, scale-out intelligent storage servers, PMem, PCIe NVMe flash, and high-capacity disk drives. Internal connectivity between database and storage servers is enabled by a low-latency RoCE fabric. External connectivity to the ExaCC system is provided using standard 10 or 25 Gigabit Ethernet. 
The database-optimized data tiering between DRAM, PMem, flash and disk implemented in Exadata provides lower latency, higher capacity, and faster performance than other flash- or PMem-based solutions. Flash and PMem storage arrays cannot match the throughput of Exadata's integrated and optimized architecture with full RoCE-based scale-out, high speed persistent memory, PCIe NVMe flash, offload of data intensive operations to storage, and algorithms that are specifically optimized for databases. 
Exadata Software
The technology that enables Exadata’s unparalleled performance without any of the bottlenecks of traditional storage arrays is Exadata Storage Server software. This software powers the Exadata storage servers, providing an extremely efficient and database-optimized storage infrastructure. All Exadata Storage Server software features are included in ExaCC.
One of the many unique features of Exadata Storage Server software is Smart Scan technology, which offloads data intensive SQL operations from the database servers directly into the storage servers. By pushing SQL processing to the storage servers, data filtering and processing occur immediately and in parallel across all storage servers, as data is read from disk and flash. Only the rows and columns that are directly relevant to a query are sent to the database servers. This greatly accelerates analytic queries, eliminates bottlenecks, and significantly reduces the CPU usage of the database servers.
In addition to Smart Scan, Exadata includes a vast array of software capabilities that enables its unparalleled scalability, performance and availability. Some of these Exadata software features are:
Persistent Memory Accelerator uses RDMA to read data from persistent memory with unprecedented low latency
Persistent Memory Commit Accelerator uses RDMA to write commit records to persistent memory providing 8x faster log writes
Storage Indexes avoid unnecessary I/O operations by replacing them with a few in-memory lookups
Exafusion Direct-to-Wire Protocol allows database processes to read and send Oracle RAC messages directly over the RoCE network, which considerably improves OLTP response time and scalability in Exadata
Smart Fusion Block Transfer improves OLTP performance further by eliminating the impact of redo log write latency when moving blocks between nodes
Hybrid Columnar Compression utilizes a combination of row and columnar methods to greatly compress data, enabling tremendous cost-savings and performance improvements due to reduced storage capacity and reduced I/O, especially for analytic workloads
In-Memory columnar formats in Flash Cache extend the Exadata Columnar Flash Cache by automatically transforming data into In-Memory columnar formats as it’s loaded into flash cache. Smart Scans then leverage ultra-fast Single Instruction Multiple Data (SIMD) Vector instructions, thus processing multiple column values with a single instruction.
The above described hardware and software features result in a set of platform metrics as described in the data sheet issued by Oracle for an Exadata Cloud@Customer Quarter Rack:
(https://www.oracle.com/a/ocom/docs/engineered-systems/exadata/exadb-cc-x10m-ds.pdf)
The datasheet indicates maximum values, but real-life performance depends mainly on the customer application architecture.
Maximum Availability Architecture (MAA)
Exadata is engineered to provide the highest levels of availability with completely redundant hardware components. It has also been designed with Oracle Maximum Availability Architecture (MAA) in mind, a set of tiered best practices and blueprints for the use of Oracle’s High Availability (HA) and Disaster Recovery (DR) technologies. These technologies include Real Application Clusters (Oracle RAC), ASM, RMAN, Flashback, Active Data Guard, and Application Continuity and optimize availability to meet the business continuity requirements of critical applications. Further, Exadata-specific HA capabilities such as Instant Detection of Database and Storage Server Failures and Exadata I/O Latency Capping, significantly enhance the availability of Exadata. Autonomous Database and Exadata Database Service are deployed with MAA best practices enabling customers to take immediate advantage of key HA and DR features including Oracle RAC and Autonomous or Active Data Guard.
Multiple Virtual Machine Clusters
Database services run securely in Virtual Machine (VM) Clusters running on the ExaCC infrastructure. Each ExaCC can run multiple VM Clusters to increase value through greater consolidation. They provide isolated operating environments for different database workloads through separate access rules and network configurations as well as customizable compute, memory, and storage resources. Each VM Cluster can run Autonomous Database or Exadata Database Service, which allows Autonomous Database to be deployed alongside Exadata Database Service on the same infrastructure, eliminating the need to deploy separate systems for these services. 
Shared Service Offered
Cegeka offers the ExaCC platform in a multi-customer architecture to run database services and uses the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Measure for Computing (OCPU) as the unit of measure to allocate and charge capacity per customer. The OCPU measure is used both for hardware allocation as well as for consumption. Hardware allocation is done through several capacity resources (processor, memory and storage) reserved for each customer based on the predicted usage per cluster during a period of time. This is a more static component which requires strategic insight on long term commitment of the customer. Next to the hardware allocation there is also a consumption part. OCI provides a way of measuring the actual consumption of all the resource types used in the ExaCC platform. This consumption is measured on an OCPU per hour basis. For this item operational insight in the customer way of working and variation in workload are important factors to know. 
Unit of Measure
The unit of measure to allocate capacity per customer uses OCPU. For both the Exadata Platform Capacity and Support Services and the Exadata Platform Consumption this translates in the following:
Exadata Platform Capacity and Support Services = 2 OCPU
Processor: 4 vCPU
Memory: 44 GB
Storage: 3 TB usable space (DATA + RECO)
Exadata Cloud Consumption = OCPU per hour
Option 1: Database OCPU – License Included
Option 2: Database OCPU – Bring Your Own License
Co Terminus or Yearly Reservation
An ExaCC customer with Cegeka has two contract options. The longer-term commitment of the customer and Cegeka is defined as a Co Terminus contract while a shorter-term commitment is defined as a Yearly Reservation.
Co Terminus – meaning the customer commits to pay the hardware allocation from start of contract until the end of life (EOL) of this platform. EOL is a fixed time when the platform will be decommissioned. It is upfront known and can’t be prolonged. The total duration of the contract for the customer depends on the moment he steps onto the current platform. This lowers the price for his part of the platform capacity. In the event the customer leaves Cegeka earlier than the end date of his commitment, then he will still pay the amount of unbilled hardware fees for the remaining period before his exit from Cegeka.
Yearly Reservation – meaning the customer commits for 12 months hardware reservation on the platform. In the event the customer leaves Cegeka earlier than the end date of his commitment, then he will still pay the amount of unbilled hardware fees for the remaining period before his exit from Cegeka. No shorter periods than 12 months are allowed. This fee per unit is higher than the Co Terminus because of the higher risk for Cegeka to have underused systems during longer periods. 
Service Overview


Transition Services
Transition services are not offered as part of the ExaCC platform services. For both transition phases – Transition In for onboarding and Transition Out for offboarding – a separate project plan will need to be developed and costed.
Transition In
A customer should comply with the following minimum requirements to be able to onboard on the ExaCC platform:
The minimum database version supported by Cegeka on the Oracle Exadata Database Service is based on Oracles Release Support Matrix as published on the Oracle support site (Doc ID 161818.1)
Database Encryption for data at rest (TDE) is embedded in this platform (without extra license requirement)
Bringing the customer to the minimum requirements should then be part of the Transition In project either before or during the onboarding process.
It is highly recommended to consider the following features to increase the database service availability (depending on the required service level of your database they might become required; please check the Oracle database management service description for more details):

Real Application Cluster (RAC): Not applying this feature has an impact on the SLA. (See paragraph 1.5.2)
Usage of Named Oracle Net Services in combination with Transparent Application Continuity (TAC): This feature is free of license and can enable higher application connection availability.
Multitenant: Starting from 23c version using Pluggable databases (PDB) within Container databases (CDB) is mandatory. This feature is free of license until 3 PDBs within 1 CDB.
Transition Out
When approaching the end of the committed hardware reservation period, the customer should ultimately 3 months prior to the end date of this commitment inform Cegeka about its intentions to either extend the contract or not. It is up to Cegeka to decide whether there is the capacity to extend the current installation, to advise moving to another platform or stop the current solution. 
At all times, when the committed period ends, the systems will be terminated on the end date, while it remains the customer's responsibility to recuperate its assets and data prior to that end date. 
In the event the customer leaves Cegeka earlier than the end date of his commitment, then he will still pay the amount of unbilled hardware fees for the remaining period before his exit from Cegeka.
Run Services
The run service for ExaCC consists of two components as described in chapter 1.2.2 Shared Service Offered. The first component – Exadata Platform Capacity and Support Services – covers the hardware reservation and all supporting services from Cegeka and Oracle to maintain the Exadata hardware and software. The second component is needed when installing databases on the platform and is called the Exadata Platform Consumption.
Note that the management of the OS (Operating System) and databases is covered in a separate managed service offering and is not part of this service.
Exadata Platform Capacity and Support Services
ExaCC is an engineered system with integrated storage, memory and CPU that needs to be allocated to a dedicated database cluster of two nodes. One unit or SKU consists of:
2 OCPU, being 1 OCPU per database server (1 OCPU consists of 2 vCPU’s)
44 GB RAM evenly allocated over 2 nodes
3 TB usable storage on the redundant storage cells, this is for DATA and RECO disk groups together
A minimum consumption unit for these resources has been defined. The minimum cluster configuration starts at 5 SKUs with an increment possible per 1 SKU. The maximum number of SKUs per cluster is 62. To calculate the number of total SKUs needed you should determine which resource (processor, memory, storage) has the highest usage per cluster based on the following algorithm: 
roundup(max((#OPCU/2), (#GB RAM/44), (#TB disk/3)))
Every VM in a cluster has a local storage allocated of 184 GB for OS binaries (/u01) and an additional 96 GB for Oracle Home installations and other binaries (/u02).
Exadata Platform Consumption
ExaCC provides a way of measuring the actual consumption of all the resource types (compute, network, storage) used on the ExaCC platform. This consumption is measured on an OCPU per hour basis. Once you deploy Oracle databases on the ExaCC platform you will also need to pay for the platform consumption using a subscription model. Cegeka currently supports two software licensing subscription models:
Bring Your Own License
License Included
Bring Your Own License (BYOL)
In this scenario a customer needs a minimal Oracle Database Enterprise Edition license. Oracle Database Standard Edition is not supported on ExaCC. When a customer brings an Oracle Database Enterprise Edition license entitlement to ExaCC, they are granted the rights to use Transparent Data Encryption (TDE), Diagnostics Pack, Tuning Pack, Data Masking and Subsetting Pack, and Real Application Testing without bringing license entitlements for those Database Options and Management Packs. The standard unit price will be at a much lower rate than the one in the next scenario. 
Although Real Application Cluster (RAC) is not an absolute requirement for databases on ExaCC, Cegeka highly recommends customers to make use of this feature to augment the database service availability.
Not applying RAC means that the customer accepts the following constraints:
ExaCC platform patching or interventions might require physical node reboots in a rolling fashion. Without RAC the database will be unavailable during the execution. The customer will not have a veto to prevent patching on the platform.
In case of hardware failure of certain components related to the database server there are no redundant DB services on the surviving node defined. This results in extra ad hoc reconfiguration that falls out of the guarantees of the database service.
OS and DB patching will be executed with interruptions of the DB services.
All databases created via Cloud Tooling will be RAC databases. Furthermore, all Cloud Automation provided (patching, upgrade, automatic backups, one-click restore, etc.) are only available for RAC databases with instances across all Exadata VM Nodes. Single-instance databases will have to be maintained manually.
License Included (LI)
This subscription model includes all the features of Oracle Database Enterprise Edition, plus all the Oracle Database Enterprise Manager Packs and all Oracle Database Enterprise Edition Options. These industry-leading capabilities include Database In-Memory, Real Application Clusters (Oracle RAC), Multitenant, Active Data Guard, Automatic Storage Management (ASM), Partitioning, Advanced Compression, Advanced Security, Database Vault, Real Application Testing, OLAP, Advanced Analytics and Spatial and Graph. 
This subscription model is ideal for customers without existing Oracle Database licenses, or customers seeking to use Oracle Database features beyond what they are currently licensed to use. Also, as you pay based on a consumption model, this formula can be advantageous for non production environments with limited service windows. 
The standard unit price is higher than the one in the BYOL scenario because of the licenses being part of the consumption model.
TIP: When moving to this model, customers can place their Oracle current licenses on hold, preventing to pay support fees any longer.
Universal Credits (UC) versus Pay As You Go (PAYG)
Once a customer has established its software licensing subscription model (BYOL or LI) they can opt for a prepaid universal credit (UC) or a pay-as-you-go (PAYG) payment model for the OCPU per hour charges. 
In the PAYG model customers will be charged a flat fee without discounts for their actual consumption. The customer will receive a monthly invoice with an overview of the consumed OCPUs per hour multiplied by their unit price. This unit price will be different depending on the software licensing subscription model chosen (BYOL or LI).
In the UC model customers together with Cegeka will calculate their annual predicted consumption and commit to a guaranteed annual consumption. This upfront commitment from the customer is rewarded by means of discounts applied per block of prepaid amount (see table below). This annual prepaid cloud consumption is valid for 12 months and is not transferable to the next period. When customers have consumed their prepaid consumption, they will be charged for the overage consumptions on a monthly basis for the remaining period at the same price agreed at the beginning of the period.

Hints: 
The UC approach is applicable on the total consumption of all ExaCC clusters within the customer compartment. (E.g. total consumption on Production, Non-Production and Disaster Recovery cluster)
Cegeka recommends to customers to be conservative and only prepay in UC for their consumption they will use for sure. (E.g. 80% of the estimated yearly volume) 
Dynamic OCPU allocation
Customers have a fixed number of SKUs allocated for their Exadata Platform Capacity per cluster for the total period of subscription. However, in terms of cost efficiency, they can to a large extent influence the Exadata Platform Consumption by dynamically allocating the required number of OCPUs at any given time. Most customers have a variable workload where it is advised to deallocate OCPUs during low workload periods and burst their number of OCPUs during high workload periods. This can easily be achieved based on a schedule or upon request. The number of OCPUs on a running cluster is always minimum 4 OCPU and maximum the number of OCPUs contained within the SKUs per cluster in the Exadata Platform Capacity. If an environment is not running, then no consumption is accounted for.
Typical examples where customers can economize on their Exadata Cloud Consumption:
Disaster Recovery environment should be capable to run on full capacity of the Primary Production environment, but most of the time it only needs limited resources to run in recovery mode.
Dev or Test environments can run on minimal capacity during weekends and/or outside office hours.
During office hours an environment needs average number of OCPU but during nightly batch processing bursting of OCPUs is required.
Standard changes
Standard changes which are implemented in the Order Portal are called Order Portal Changes. As the addition or retirement of standard changes is dynamic, please refer to the Order Portal for a complete and current overview of available standard changes. Standard changes which are not yet implemented in the Order Portal, can be requested to be added using a formalized request and approval process. 
Non-standard changes are billed in time and material.
Service Levels
Availability
Availability of the ExaCC platform is measured by time slot during a 365/24/7 window. The combined setup of VM clusters on ExaCC platforms in primary and remote datacenter has an SLA of 99.9% The platform is highly redundant by design and should overcome to a large extent hardware failures on server, network, storage and power supply components.
However, Oracle does not guarantee any Service Level Agreements (SLA), but rather Service Level Objectives (SLO) on the hardware and platform availability. This means that for critical hardware failure and its replacement they will do everything within reasonable effort to resolve the service with the shortest delay.
Consequently, the SLA of 99.9% can only be guaranteed with a total solution as highlighted in red on the diagram below for the solution architecture. This means a maximum service outage of the combined cluster service of 43’28” per month.

In case no remote VM cluster is foreseen at the remote datacenter, the SLA drops to 99,7% (outage of 2hr 10’ 24” per month) due to the dependencies on external factors where Cegeka has no impact upon.
Although the OS and Database management services are not part of this service it is important to note the following considerations in terms of the entire solution architecture. Oracle Maximum Availability Architecture (MAA) provides architecture, configuration, and lifecycle best practices for Oracle Databases, enabling high-availability service levels for databases. To reach the maximum potential of the ExaCC platform, Cegeka recommends aligning the entire solution architecture (ExaCC clusters + database infrastructure) to the Oracle Maximum Availability Architecture as published by Oracle:
(https://www.oracle.com/database/technologies/maximum-availability-architecture)
In practice this means having a two node VM-cluster in primary and remote data center, with a primary RAC database in one location and a standby RAC database in the other. Database infrastructure highlighted in orange on the diagram below. By combining all possibilities in a smart way, the DBA can optimally guarantee the database service availability.

While customers will opt in most cases for the MAA as indicated above, some might consider a solution with a database in balanced RAC. This possibility enables to economize on capacity allocation (#SKU’s). In practice this means that one of both instances is not online during normal operations. Only is case of anomaly this second instance can be brought online for as long as enough CPU and memory is available on the surviving VM. Alternatively, the customer should prioritize on the business importance of the different databases in a shutdown plan. With this choice the customer doesn’t benefit anymore from the redundancy built into the VM Cluster and consequently the SLA drops to 99.7.
In the event the customer does not implement RAC at all, SLAs (service level agreements)  drop significantly. This is not a recommended setup and as such the customer accepts implicitly the consequences described above in paragraph 1.5.2.
Images of the different concepts on how database solutions can be implemented on the platform are attached in appendix A.
Combining both the limitation on having no remote cluster and not the Full RAC setup SLA drops towards lower SLA’s as indicated in below table.

Since the ExaCC VM cluster on itself doesn’t deliver real business data, the Recovery Point Objective (RPO) and Recovery Time Objective (RTO) are not determined on a cluster level but rather on a database level and are therefore not part of this service. This also applies to Service Level Agreements for Disaster Recovery operations.
Platform Patching and Maintenance Interventions
By default, rolling patching will be used to achieve zero downtime during platform patching. Depending on the database options used (e.g., No RAC or Balanced RAC), non-rolling patching can be mandatory because of the customer’s choice. In practice customers should consider planned interruptions of their database service for a short duration in the patching events. (See constraints mentioned in 1.5.2)
Cegeka will determine the most optimal or least impacting time window for common interventions on the platform based on the overall customers most idle workloads. By signing up for this service the customer accepts the limitation of being part of a shared platform where activity of other customers is spread in time. Cegeka has the final word in this decision.
The type of intervention can be: the platform patching, platform maintenance, security threat mitigation, hardware defect urgency or any action related to the good (pro-active) management of the system. 
Cegeka will inform customers prior to the interventions through the existing change management processes or in case of unexpected outage through the incident management processes.
Priority Levels
Incidents related to the managed ExaCC platform will be dealt with pro-actively as much as possible. In case the customer is raising incidents the following priority levels apply:


Incidents can only be logged with their priority level for as long as they are applicable to the service window determined upfront by the customer.
Eligibility and Prerequisites
Out of scope
ExaCC is a platform service, all Database related services are out of scope and are part of the DB Management Service.
Virtual Machine management is out of scope and is part of the OS Management service
Data backup is not part of the ExaCC platform service and is part of the DB Management Service.
Virtual Machine backup is not part of the ExaCC platform service but is part of the OS Management service
Transition In and Transition Out services of the platform are managed on a project base and not included in this ExaCC platform service pricing model
RTO and RPO are linked to the Managed DB Service and not part of the ExaCC platform service.
Customers can reserve a VM cluster at the remote datacenter for Disaster Recovery. However, the disaster recovery operations on itself are part of the DB management service for the concerned database.
Conditions
The minimum database version supported by Cegeka on the Oracle Exadata Database Service is based on Oracles Release Support Matrix as published on the Oracle support site (Doc ID 161818.1)
Database Encryption is a mandatory service to be used
Oracle NET services is a mandatory service to be used
Customers are responsible for their BYOL compliancy (e.g. Enterprise Edition, RAC and/or all payable options) or implicitly agree with License Included model
Responsibilities
RACI



Responsible: The party who is responsible for the execution of the activity. 
Accountable: The party who delegates the execution of the activity and is the last one to review the task or deliverable before it’s deemed complete. 
Consulted: The party who must be consulted and must approve or provide input prior to execution. This party (partly) gives direction to the result. This is about two-way communication.
Informed: That is the party who is informed about the decisions, progress and results achieved, so that the next step can be taken. This is about one-way communication.

Appendix A
Configuration models when combining Disaster Recovery and High Availability
No Disaster Recovery, with Balanced RAC solution (instance 2 is offline)

No Disaster Recovery, with Full RAC solution

No Disaster Recovery, with Single instance DB (not recommended)

With Disaster Recovery, with Balanced RAC solution (Instance 2 is offline)

With Disaster Recovery, with Full RAC solution

With Disaster Recovery, with Single instance DB (not recommended)


Appendix B
EXAMPLE TO HELP CALCULATE THE SKU SIZING (HARDWARE RESERVATION AND CLOUD CONSUMPTION)
Environment description

As customer you have segregation of environments where you manage:
Development (DEV) and Test (TST) environments together.
Acceptance (ACC) environment similar to Production environment.
Production primary (PRD) environment on a 24x7 basis 
Disaster Recovery (DRP) environment running in dataguard on 24x7 basis.
You don’t want to invest in dedicated hardware anymore, but prefer state of the art system like Exadata platform for a long term period. 

DEV & TST :
You have a multitude of Container and Pluggable databases with each time a subset of data for development and basic testing purposes. 
Example: 6 DEV and 9 TST databases with 4TB of total database size.
No heavy processing power for memory and CPU required. 
Example: 100GB RAM and 8 OCPU
Daily operations are mainly during working days and extended office hours (6.00 till 18.00) only. Thus no activity during weekends. Example: during weekends you can down scale the number of OCPU to the minimum of 4 OCPU for cost efficiency reasons.
No High Availability (RAC) required. Choice for Balanced RAC.
No Disaster Recovery (Dataguard) required.
ACC:
You have 8 ACC DBs where you want regular performance testing at full capacity like PRD. 
Example: 
10 OCPU (=20vcpu) for regular processing
12TB diskspace with yearly growth of 5%/year, resulting in total size of 14,6 TB within 4 years.
220GB RAM with expected growth of 1%/year, resulting in total RAM of 230 GB within 4 years.
Activities are only during business days, but because of nightly batch processing, you want 24 hours CPU resources allocated.
High Availability (RAC) required like as in PRD.
No Disaster Recovery (Dataguard) required. In case of disaster ACC will be rebuild from a copy of PRD.
PRD:
You have 8 PRD DBs running 24x7 full capacity like PRD. 
Example: 
10 OCPU (=20vcpu) for regular processing
12TB diskspace with yearly growth of 5%/year, resulting in total size of 14,6 TB within 4 years.
220GB RAM with expected growth of 1%/year, resulting in total RAM of 230 GB within 4 years.
High Availability (RAC) required.
Disaster Recovery (Dataguard) required with near 0 RPO and RTO of 1 hour. (See below)
DRP:
You have 8 Standby DBs running 24x7 in Dataguard configuration with PRD. 
Example: 
4 OCPU (=8vcpu) for regular dataguard synchronization most of the time, with capability to burst to 10 OCPU during Disaster Recovery failover.
12TB diskspace with yearly growth of 5%/year, resulting in total size of 14,6 TB within 4 years.
220GB RAM with expected growth of 1%/year, resulting in total RAM of 230 GB within 4 years.
High Availability (RAC) required.
Disaster Recovery (Dataguard) in reverse to PRD required with near 0 RPO and RTO of 1 hour. We estimate to run 7 days/year in DRP modus. 

Calculating Hardware reservation
Summarizing above requirements for the hardware over a period for 4 years results in the table below:

You can order 4 clusters with a total of 23 SKU in a Co Terminus mode. Imagine the current ExaCC is operational since 6 month. Then your contract would be for 23 SKU * 42 months. 

Calculating Consumption Units
For consumption over this period you need to calculate the number of OCPU hours that the systems will be up and running. This is always an estimation because in reality there will be some variation in your needs: holidays, exceptional processing needs, change in business pattern, …

With the above consumption pattern a yearly total amount of 242.448 OCPU hours is required. When bringing your own licenses (BYOL) for all or only a part of your 4 clusters/environments you will pay a different rate than for the License Included option.