	 
 


Service Description
Service identification
Service summary 
Infrastructure management
The Service provides the tasks and activities needed to manage the shared infrastructure to host virtual machines (The Infrastructure). Virtual machines can be used for Windows OS systems, Linux OS systems or virtual appliances.
The Standard Service features are focussed to keep the Service up-and-running, to keep it secure and to optimize its technical parameters.
The Infrastructure
The virtual machines are provided from a managed VMware virtualisation platform.

Service features 
Standard Service features 
Infrastructure knowledge
Cegeka ensures skilled engineers with experience on the virtualization environment in order to perform the Service. 
Technical setup
The platform contains machines in the following different tiers:
VM Tier 0:
There are VM’s running simultaneously in 2 Cegeka DC’s (VMWare Fault Tolerance)
In case of a disaster on 1 VM, the other VM instantly runs without a (re)boot.
This provides RPO and RTO zero.
servers requiring a semi-automatic Disaster Recovery Plan (DRP) and non-standard protection against OS rebooting.
VM Tier 1: 
This VM resides in 1 Cegeka DC with reserved CPU, Memory and disk storage capacity in the alternate Cegeka DC
In case of a disaster, the VM can be booted immediately in the alternate DC and is therefore guaranteed
This provides RPO zero and RTO near zero (5 minutes to reboot).
For servers requiring a semi-automatic Disaster Recovery Plan (DRP) (boot needed)
VM Tier 2:
This VM resides only in 1 Cegeka DC and has no reserved capacity in the alternate DC
In case of a disaster in the active DC, the VM cannot be guaranteed (no capacity reservation in the alternate DC )
For servers without the necessity of DRP
VM Tier 3:
This VM resides only in 1 Cegeka DC and are using the spare capacity of the Tier 1 servers for CPU and Memory. They have their own disk storage.
In case of a DC disaster impacting the Tier 1 servers in the alternate DC, these VM’s are sacrificed for the Tier 1 servers (this means shutdown, server content will not be lost due to their own disk storage, clean shutdown when possible but if needed a forced shutdown).
For servers without the necessity of DRP and with a lower availability expectation
Virtual servers are meant to run:
Windows OS servers
Linux OS servers
Appliances (to be checked case by case for compatibility)
Please note that mainstream Windows and Linux OS’ses are supported, all other are subject to review.


This Service includes the following standard features: 
Microsoft Windows Server OS SPLA for all Windows servers
RedHat Linux Server RHEL CCSP for all RedHat Linux Servers
RHEL6 extended support if applicable
This service manages the following components:
Management of all underlying hardware components;
LAN configuration and management for the host and guest systems;
all licence costs related to hypervisor
all hardware costs to run the hypervisor;
management of the storage data stores;
patch and lifecycle management of the underlying physical hardware;
patch and lifecycle management of the hypervisor software;
24x7 management of the hypervisor environment;
setup and maintain DR procedures according to Customer’s DR setup;
install and maintain High Availability related to the contracted Tiers;
install and maintain disaster recovery procedures as defined;
SIEM integration;
Backup and restore support .
This service is based on Cegeka Cloud Housing services. 

Cegeka advises in the setup of the virtual machines in order to set it up according to the technology requirements of the Infrastructure and in line with the best practices.
This may be different for each Customer environment (DTAP - Development, Test, Acceptance, Production and it’s variants).
The service makes use of the below storage performance flavors (S-tiers):
S-TPerformance (formerly known as S-TGold) – replicated or non-replicated.
S-TStandard (formerly known as S-TSilver) – replicated or non-replicated.
Cegeka performs and maintains the technical installation of the Infrastructure on the agreed platform ensuring its correct working, in line with VMware best practices.
Technical management
Cegeka is responsible for the technical operation of the Infrastructure and to assure it’s correct running during the agreed availability windows.

Housekeeping
Recurrent maintenance activities (housekeeping) are needed to ensure the correct working of the Infrastructure. Automation is applied where possible. 
Proactive management
Housekeeping includes following regular checks:
The technical setup and the running of the Physical infrastructure
The technical setup and the running of the Hypervisor platform
Maintain optimal performance by monitoring and measuring - on an ongoing basis - the key performance indicators 
Analyze and diagnose the infrastructure to achieve efficient use of capacity to deliver service requirements
system trends (trends of CPU/memory/disk usage) on deviations in evolution
Troubleshooting of incidents and problems with appliance components, escalating support calls to vendor when required 
Resolution actions are triggered when needed and followed to assure the SLA.

Patching
The service includes patching of the underlaying virtualization environment and used hardware. Patching is transparent for the customer due to the nature of the virtualization environment. 

Life Cycle Management
Cegeka monitors the Infrastructure and updates the underlaying hardware and software transparent for the customer. Cegeka follows the constructor’s normal end of support where applicable.
Monitoring
Cegeka monitors the correct working of the Infrastructure.
Cegeka has developed a wide range of infrastructure checks to monitor availability of different components and available resource capacity. Most of them are pro-active based on target thresholds while others are reactive.
All components of the infrastructure are monitored on a 24/7 basis. 
Monitoring improvements will be done during the lifecycle of the Service.
Monitoring events are evaluated during the Service Window in accordance to the Service Level of the individual environment. Notable events are treated as Incident tickets and are handled according to regular incident management.

Security and Compliance
Management of technical users
The management of technical users (for engineers) is done by Cegeka in agreement with the Customer and in accordance to the Customer IAM policies.
Detection of security incidents
The security management is performed following the Cegeka internal security policies and the contractual Customer security policies.
Security incidents are created in case a security breach is detected and is immediately communicated to the Customer and Cegeka stakeholders.
SIEM
SIEM is part of the Cegeka internal service and not deliverable to the Customer.

Underlaying Platform hardening
Not applicable for this Service.
Backup and Restore
Backup and restore of the servers on the Cegeka Cloud Compute services is part of OS management and described in the relevant service description.
Incident and problem management
Besides monitoring incidents (see ‘Monitoring’) also other incidents can be reported by both the Customer and Cegeka. These will be subject to the regular incident management process (See Cross-functionals).
Related to incident management, Cegeka performs also problem management (See Cross-functionals).
Customers responsibility
n/a
Optional Service features 
This section describes the features that can be optionally added to the standard Service features and that will be priced (when applicable) on top of the standard Service features.

The following optional features are possible with the Service:
(no optional features)

Requests
Both the Customer and Cegeka can issue a Request for Change (RFC) or a Request for Information (RFI).
There are multiple types of requests:
Service Request
This is a pre-defined request
Some can be requested via Horizon: these are pre-approved and pre-defined requests
Service request that is not pre-approved will be executed after approval by the CAB
Service Requests are executed as a change ticket and will be delivered within the indicated lead time. 
The pre-defined execution is optimal automated. 
This is used for requests that are often needed (multiple times per month).
These have a fixed price.
Normal Changes :
these are other non pre-defined requests
they need an evaluation and analysis where Cegeka needs to deliver a proposal and impact analysis to address the change request (with a T&M estimation).
A successive review, approval and planning (maintenance window) by a CAB of the proposal is needed prior to execution.
These are billed on T&M basis.
The handling of Requests is subject to the regular change management process (see Cross-functionals).


Out of scope 
Everything that is not explicitly mentioned in this service description is by default out of scope of this Service. 
Service characteristics 
Obligatory
The following services are mandatory for the delivery of this service:
Cloud Housing services (where the Cloud Compute Services reside)
Shared data centre LAN Service
Cegeka owned Licenses and/or subscriptions
These licenses and/or subscriptions and their cost are included in this Service.
It is Cegeka’s responsibility to maintain license and/or subscription compliance.
Licenses and/or subscriptions used for Cross-Functional Services are included in the Service and are not listed below.
Customer owned Licenses and/or subscriptions
These licenses and/or subscriptions and their cost are not included in this Service.
It is the customers responsibility to provide licenses for applications and maintain license and/or subscription compliance.


Conditions 
Due to Oracle DB license restrictions, the VMware virtual platform is not suited to deliver Oracle DB servers. Cegeka provides a Shared Oracle virtualisation platform for that purpose.
The OS of the virtual server has to be supported by the VMware platform.
Maximum vRAM per server is 128 GB.
Maximum vCPU per server is 18 vCPUs.   
Service delivery location
This Service is delivered remotely from the Cegeka (virtual) Office environment.
Service Reporting
Monthly reporting will be provided to inform on the availability and meeting the SLA’s and to provide insights on the capacity and expected extensions required.

Specific reports are provided: 
Monthly capacity report
Data classification
Cegeka requires no access to confidential and/or personal data to perform this Service.
Engineer credentials do not need to access such data for the purpose of this Service.
In case of assistance in investigations of functional issues, Cegeka personnel may see or receive fragments of such data in case it is shared by the Customer (data fragments in the sense of exports, screen sharing, screen shots, etc. for investigation purposes).
Use of Subcontractor/Sub-outsourcer
This service is delivered with:
Subcontractor (Cegeka manages the Service with own engineers which are supported by an external party for escalations or technology specific questions or issues):
VMware (Broadcom)
Sub-outsourcer (Cegeka delegates the Service to an external party):
(none)
Miscellaneous 
n/a
RACI Matrix

RACI role definition:
R-Responsible: The party who is responsible for the execution of the activity.  
A- Accountable: The party ultimately accountable for the correct and thorough completion of the task and/or activity as performed by the Responsible. For each task and/or activity exactly one Accountable must be specified. The Accountable has the mandate to accept/dismiss on work provided by the Responsible. The Accountable is by default reactive. 
C-Consulted: The party who must be consulted and must approve or provide input prior to execution. This party (partly) gives direction to the result. This is about two-way communication. 
I-Informed: That is the person/party who is informed about the decisions, progress and results achieved, so that the next step can be taken. This is about one-way communication.
Adherence to Cross-Functional Services 
The Service described in this Service Description adheres to the Cross-functional Services as described in the contract where this Service is residing unless documented in the table below:

The Cross -Functional services rely on the Cegeka standard framework for processes and tooling.
Service Level Agreement
Service Window 
The Service Window is the time frame during which the agreed support services from Cegeka are available. Service windows are defined in the related Service Level Management document to this contract.
Service Level
Service Levels of the cross-functional services are defined in the related Service Level Management document to this contract.
The actual mapping of the operational service instances towards these KPI’s are documented on the Service Delivery site under ‘Operational documentation’.


Availability

The following Availability KPI’s are provided for the Service:

 
The availability measurement is monthly and calculated as:
For the availability KPI’s: (Total time of service window of the measured period – time of outage based on Cegeka infrastructure monitoring during the measured period) / Total time of service window of the measured period) * 100
For the failover KPI’s: time measured during DR exercises.
Service Billing
Standard Service Billing
The service is billed on a monthly basis.
The actual mapping of the operational service instances towards these billing elements are documented on the Service Delivery site under ‘Operational documentation’.



Measurement 
The quantity of each billing element is determined on a monthly basis:
# billing units per element based in CMDB and storage information (documented in invoice)

Calculation / Billing 
The price(s) is/are determined in the pricing schedule where this Service is residing.
The Service is billed per billing element:
price of each ‘billing element’ * quantity of each ‘billing element’ as defined in the measurement

Optional Service Billing
Change Request Billing
Changes are billed on a monthly basis.

Changes as result of Pre-approved and Normal Service requests are billed according to the defined prices in the pricing document of the related contact.

Non-standard change requests are billed on T&M basis.

Document control


Document approval
	