
 
Service description

Definitions
The following definitions shall have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them. 

“Business Hours”: Monday through Friday from 8:00 to 18:00 EST
“Horizon” : Customer Portal provided by Cegeka for reporting and change management
“Initial Priority” : The priority which is pre-assigned automaticity to a Security Alert specific to a technology.
“SOC/CSIRT Analyst” : Member of the SOC performing Incident Response activities
“Security Alert” :  A notification of a potential security anomaly as detected by one or more of the SOC detection technologies which requires further investigation.
“Security Incident” :  A violation of security policies based upon a human reported event or a generated Security Alert.
“Service” : Managed Detection & Response services



Service Overview
The Managed Detection & Response (MDR) services can be delivered as follows:
Brand Intel - Using Record Future Brand Intelligence platform to detect malicious misuse of your companies’ brands. 

Each Service will start with the Transition Service(s) to bring it into production which will start Run Services:
Operational Readiness includes all the governance and operational processes to efficiently perform the RUN services.

After the transition, the Managed Services will start which consist of three (3) types:
Detection Services include everything related to the detection of security incidents.

Response Services include everything related to the response to security incidents. 



The following table consists of a high-level overview of the Transition & Run services of each of the seven (7) different technology types:


Transition Services
Operational Readiness
The goal of Operational Readiness is that both customer and Cegeka have a clear understanding of the governance and operational processes related to the Managed Detection & Response service.
Cegeka will perform the following activities during the Operational Readiness:
Agreement on the project governance containing:
Project Plan
Ready For Service (RFS)
Align on Incident Response Plan procedures.
Exchange information required to perform the Service.
Agreement on asset scope information
Agreement on (automated) response actions
The Operational Readiness will be formalized on a per project basis in a Customer Scoping Document. This document will include all the operational agreements related to the Service.
The Customer is responsible for informing Cegeka of any changes which may impact the Service.
RFS - Ready-for-Service
The RFS indicates that all the prerequisites are completed during the transition period to start the Service. This is the moment Cegeka will perform the Managed Services on the full contracted scope and invoicing will start accordingly.
The prerequisites for the RFS are:

To reduce the operational pressure for the customer, a one-month learning period is applied after the start of the RFS date to fine-tune the environment to reduce the number of false positives. This implies that all Security Alerts will only be handled during Business Hours until the learning period has ended, and no SLAs are measured. After this period, the Service will go into full operational mode including all SLA.
The RFS date has a maximum term of three (3) months after signing the contract unless explicitly agreed otherwise.

Managed Services
Cegeka works with a standardized “Security Incident Response Plan (S-IRP)” which describes how Cegeka handles information Security Incidents as part of the Managed Detection & Response Service to Customers. 
Every occurrence of a Security Alert potentially resulting in a Security Incident is handled logically as described in this plan. The assignment of roles & responsibilities as well as the services and products available to Cegeka within a specific context will determine which parts of the plan will be executed by Cegeka, its customer or 3rd parties mandated by either or both. 
This document describes the entire process, but the contractual agreements and Security Customer Scoping Document (S-CSD) will determine which of the process phases and activities will be handled by Cegeka under which conditions.  

High-level representation of the S-IRP

The S-IRP consist of the following steps:
PREPARE: This includes Transition Services related to preparing the services for the customer during 

Included in Technical Implementation & Operational Readiness

DETECT: This includes activities related to detection Security Alerts within the customer environment

Included in Advanced Threat Intelligence, Threat Hunting & 24x7 Security Monitoring

ANALYZE: This includes activities related to analyzing Security Alerts and Security Incidents

Included in Advanced Threat Intelligence, Threat Hunting & 24x7 Security Monitoring

CONTAIN: This includes activities related to containing Security Incidents within the customer environment

Included in Threat Response

ERADICATE: This includes activities related to eradication the malicious artifacts within the customer environment related to the Security Incident

Only follow up and support are part of this service.

RECOVER: This includes activities related to recovering the impact systems within the customer environment related to the Security Incident

Only follow up and support are part of this service.

POST-INCIDENT: This includes post-incident activities like reporting, lessons learned, and recommendations related to the Security Incident.

Included in Cyber Security Advisory

Advanced Threat Intelligence
Our SOC platform incorporated Advanced Threat Intelligence feeds by default. This helps improve real-time detection of the latest emerging threats and a more effective investigation of Security Alerts/Incidents.
Based upon the nature and type of threat, the following activities will be done to improve detection:
Identity threats by matching known Indicators of Compromise (IOC’s) like IP, hashes, URLs, e-mails, and certificates based upon the available data sources.
Receive periodic insights into active threats and threat actors to be aware on a global scale.
Periodically provide Threat News updates on new Tactics, Techniques and Procedures (TTP) which are used by Threat Actors
Based upon the nature and type of Security Alerts/Incidents, the following enrichments will be done:
Add Threat Context to involved artifacts like IP, hashes, URLs, e-mails, and certificates. 
Verify IOC’s (hashes, IP and URLs) against multiple IOC specific threat intel’s to check for false positives.
Add Risk scores (0-100) to IOC to better estimate the potential risk.
24x7 Security Monitoring
The goal of Security Monitoring is to continuously monitor the customer’s environment based upon the scoped technologies and uncover potential security incidents which need to be act upon.
Cegeka will perform the following activities regarding Security Monitoring:
Monitor the customer’s environment based upon the scoped technologies to detect new Security Alerts
Enrich Security Alerts according to the available data sources.
Assign a SOC analyst to investigate Security Alert according to the Initial Priority.
Perform Triage on Security Alerts to identify Security Incidents. This includes the following steps:
Investigate the Security Alert to filter out false positives.
Assign a Security Incident Priority based upon the Security Incident Priority definitions.
Classify the Security Incident Area
Perform in-depth investigation using the scoped technologies to determine the best containment action or advice to take.
Document the Security incident in a Security Incident ticket.
Notify the customer according to the communication plan. 

For Cegeka to able to effectively perform Security Monitoring, the customer is responsible for:
Notify Cegeka if he believes a Security Incident is occurring relevant to the scope of the Service.
Provide cooperation and contractability when required to assess the nature of the Security Incident.
Notify Cegeka if any changes in the environment are occurring which may have an impact on the performance of the Service.

Security Incident Priority 
The priority of each Security Incident will be determined according to urgency and impact of the Security Incident. Based upon those two factors, the appropriated priority will be assigned accordingly: 


The priority can change during the Security Incident Response Process.
Security Incident Area
Each Security Incident will be classified with a Security Incident Area which represents the type of Security Incident which best suits the events seen during our investigations. 

Cegeka uses 17 standardized Security Incident Areas to classify Security Incidents:



















The Security Incident Area can change during the Security Incident Response Process.
Communication Plan
Once a Security Incident has been identified, the customer will receive information about the Security Incident in the following ways based upon the priority: 


The Initial Notification will be done once the Security Incident Ticket has been created and will be communicated towards the Operational Contact(s) which is defined in the Customer Scoping document.
The Security Incident Updates are pro-active notifications from our SOC given to the customer on a recurring base depending on the priority of the Security Incident. These notifications will start once a Security Incident Ticket has been created and will stop when a containment action is performed, or advice is given. 


Threat Response
The goal of Threat Response is to contain an active Security Incident to reduce further impact on the customer’s environment. A threat Response only includes containment actions and does not include any activities related to eradicating malicious files or recovering impacted systems.
Containment actions must always be approved by the customer before Cegeka can execute the recommended actions. The approval   can either be “pre-approved” or ad-hoc.
In case the containment action is pre-approved, Cegeka will execute the recommended containment action(s) and will notify the customer.
In case the containment action is not pre-approved, Cegeka will request ad-hoc approval and will wait for the customer’s approval before execution the recommended action(s). If executed, the customer will be notified.
Based upon the nature of the Security Incident, the following response action(s) can be executed in the customer’s environment. Each response action has a technical requirement to be available for the customer.


The pre-approved containment action(s) and relevant scope will be formalized in the Customer Scoping document.

Domain takedown
A domain takedown is a request issued to an ISP, web host, social media company, domain registrar, or mobile app store operator to remove malicious or fraudulent content or domains abusing the Customer’s brand. 

In such a case, the Customer can request such a takedown, but it required to provide explicit permission in the form of a Letter of Appointment. 
A credit system is used for takedowns. These takedown credits need to be purchased upfront. Each takedown is one credit. Credits are debited only upon successful takedown. Unused credits expire at the end of the contract period and do not roll over.

In order to use Domain Takedown, the following is required:


Cyber Security Advisory
Service Meetings
Service meetings are standard included monthly unless explicitly mentioned otherwise. During monthly Service meetings, the Cyber Security Advisor will present security Service reporting.
Service Meetings will be held during Business hours unless explicitly agreed otherwise.
Service Reporting
The Service Reporting contains all insights regarding the Managed Detection & Response Service during that month.

The following insights will be reported:
High-Level overview of all Security incident during that month
Detailed information about P1 and P2 Security Incidents
All changes to the Service
SLA and KPI reporting
Horizon Portal
The Horizon platform is a central digital engagement point for customers which can be consulted via the user-friendly web interface.
The Horizon Portal can be used for the following activities:
Collaborate in Security Incident tickets. 
Request changes
Create Security Incident(s)
View Service dashboards
View technology platform dashboards
This platform will continuously be improved and developed with more features.
Cyber Security Advisor
The Cyber Security Advisor is the point of contact for all tactical and strategic security topics and acts as a liaison between Customer’s security stakeholders and Cegeka. 
The Cyber Security Advisor has the following responsibilities:
Organize recurring security Service meetings.
Present the security report.
Advice on resilience recommendations to improve the security posture of the customer.
Available during Business Hours to contact via email or phone. 
Analyze Security Incidents on a monthly base and provide feedback or actions when required.

Governance
Process
Authorized Contacts
For security reasons, only people identified as Authorized Contact are allowed to collaborate with our Cegeka SOC. Only they can interact with the Cegeka SOC. All other persons will automatically be prevented and will be notified towards the Customer. These are also the people who will receive the monthly report.
The Authorized Contacts will be formalized in the Customer Scoping document.
Operational & Escalation Contact
Any new Security Incident will result in a notification towards the customer Operational Contact(s). 
If any blocking issues prevents Cegeka from continuing the Service as agreed, an escalation towards the customer Escalation Contact will be done.
The Operational & Escalation contact(s) will be formalized in the Customer Scoping document.
Decommissioning process
At the end of the MDR Service, Cegeka retains the right to:
Remove any of the Intellectual Property used during the Service to improve the overall quality.

At the end of the MDR Service, the customer retains the right to:
Gain full access to the management of customer owned technologies used within the MDR service.

At the end of the MDR Service, the customer has thirty (30) days from the date of termination to retain the right to:
Request a copy of the customer’s data to a designated location. Cegeka will transfer the data to the designated location owned by the customer. The data will contain all possible information which is technically possible to provide. This will be priced via Time and Material. Such requests must be submitted via e-mail. If Customer does not request the data within the 30-day period described above, Cegeka will permanently destroying all data no longer under a valid Service contract. 

Technology
The following technologies can be supported in our Managed Detection & Response service.
Brand Intel – Recorded Future
Cegeka can provide the Managed Detection & Response service on top of the Brand Intelligence platform of Recorded Future. This Advanced Threat Intelligence platform can provide detailed information about possible threats and threat actors related to the Customer’s brand, such as:
“typosquat websites”
“brand and executive impersonation”
“data and credential leaks”.
During the Operational Readiness, the relevant information will be exchanged which includes domain, IP addresses, Company and brand names, Software products, Related industries, Suppliers & Partners & Peers and/or Attack methods and vulnerabilities. 

The following elements are unique to Recorded Future:
Initial Priority Assessment
Initial Priority Assessment
When receive Security Alerts from Recorded Future, the following Initial Priority will be assigned accordingly:



Service Levels
Availability
This Service Level is applicable to all technologies.

 
Time to Triage
This Service Level is applicable to all technologies.


Time to Investigate
This Service Level is applicable to all technologies.

Time to Respond
This Service Level is applicable to all technologies.







Eligibility and Prerequisites
Out of scope
Changes in the infrastructure of the Customer based upon the advice of the Cyber Security Advisor (unless the environment is managed by Cegeka)



Responsibilities
RACI
The table below reflect the responsibilities of Cegeka and Customer for the Cegeka Managed Detection & Response Services.



Responsible: The party who is responsible for the execution of the activity. 
Consulted: The party who must be consulted and must approve or provide input prior to execution. This party (partly) gives direction to the result. This is about two-way communication.
Informed: That is the person/party who is informed about the decisions, progress and results achieved, so that the next step can be taken. This is about one-way communication.