Introduction
The content of this service description (Chapter 1) is used to compile a service catalog that is used in the contract with the client. This introduction and document history below are for internal use only. 
It is allowed to merge Chapter 1 with other service descriptions into a single service catalog. Modifying the content of Chapter 1 for individual clients is not allowed. (If necessary, any adjustments can only be made with approval from the responsible service owner of product manager.)
Document history



Digital Workplace
Office 365 Backup
Service summary
Cegeka provides <klant> with an Office 365 Back-up solution. The Cegeka Shared Backup is powered by Commvault. It includes data back-up of: Outlook 365, OneDrive for Business, SharePoint online and Microsoft Teams.  By implementing Cegeka Shared Backup:
Data remains accessible even when O365 is offline;
Improved search capabilities are put in place;
Improved resiliency against cyber threats is ensured;
<klant> avoids cloud lock-in;
The native O365 protection is extended and expanded.
Standard service components
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing backup service for the following Office 365 Services: 

Microsoft 365 – Mail & Calendar
Infinite retention of mail *
Self-service restore 
Microsoft 365 - OneDrive for Business
Infinite retention of data **
Self-service restore 
Microsoft 365 - SharePoint online
Full & incremental backup schedule
Self-service restore
Microsoft 365 - Teams
Team conversations as stored in O365 mailbox(hidden folder) backup*** 
Team SharePoint site and document library backup
Wiki page library backup
Self-service restore

* Fair use policy – see service description
** Fair use policy – see service description. Deleted files kept indefinitely
*** In-place restores into Teams is not possible. (Microsoft limitation)

Optional service components
N/A
Eligibility and Prerequisites
Conditions
Microsoft 365 Teams backup requires Exchange and SharePoint backup to be set-up.
Out of scope
The packaging, patching and updating of applications are not in scope of this Service;
Licensing, support and patching of software published through this Service is not in scope of this Service;
This service does not include the related Cloud & on-premise infra resource consumption;
Activities that are related to replacing out-of-support or obsolete hardware are not in scope of this Service.
Responsibility matrix

Cross-functional services
In order to guarantee the Service quality as specified in
“Service Level Definitions.doc”
Section “Service Level Agreement” in this document for possible specific service levels for this Service
Cegeka provides the required Cross-Functional Services as specified in “Cross-Functional-Services.doc”
Order & billing information
Service SKUs
* mandatory SKU – at least 1 to be selected per subsection
** When O365 mailbox/User is already included in backup, otherwise additional per user cost 
Service Part number(s) 
O.0340_0010_0030_A_S.000 Replicated backup in 10 GB cf. backup retentions per 10 GiB on backup medium

Measurement
The pricing of the Service consists of a platform-based, user-based, image-based, server-based and optional Add-On SKU’s
Calculation
(“Price/Unit” x “Number of setups/platforms”) + (“Price/Unit” x “Number of users”) + (“Price/Unit” x “Number of images”) + (“Price/Unit” x “Number of servers”) + (“Price/Unit” x “Number of ADC pairs”).
Standard changes SKUs
Table below represents the Standard Changes for this Service, where each Standard Change
has a corresponding fixed one-off price as mentioned in the Pricing Model
has a corresponding  ‘Service Level Objective (SLO) for each Standard Change, expressed in elapsed working days as mentioned in Table below
follows the ‘Standard Change Management process’ as mentioned in Section “Cross-Functional Services”

Non-standard changes SKUs
Non-standard changes
are billed in time & material
follow the ‘Change Management process’ as mentioned in Section “Cross-Functional services”
