 
 


Service Description
Service identification
Service summary 
Application Management Services
The Service provides the end-to-end management of the ‘SAS’ application (The Application) from an functional applicative perspective. Together with the underlaying obligatory Platform services, Cegeka unburdens the customer with all functional and technical aspects from infrastructure up to the functional Application.
The Standard Service features consist out of:
Functional Application Management service of the ‘SAS’ application components by Cegeka Partner ‘OAK’
Technical Application Management service of the ‘SAS’ application components by Cegeka Partner ‘SAS Application Management Services’ (SAM)
A service desk as single point of contact for the end-users of Argenta
Application development based on Argenta requests and specifications (T&M based)
Management of the underlying infrastructure by Cegeka Infra (as part of a another Service Description)
End-to-end service management by Cegeka
The Application
The ‘SAS’ application.

Service features 
Standard Service features 
Application knowledge
The application knowledge resides at Cegeka’s partners ‘SAS institute’ and ‘OAK’.
Application Management
Application Management
Functional Maintenance (by OAK) entails all non-infra and non-technical SAS Solution related issues and new requests. 
Typical activities as part of functional maintenance are: 
Implement functional changes, e.g. new product type in Argenta portfolio (provide data requirements, validate SAS calculations and reporting, potential bug fixing…) 
“Why this result” activities, e.g. what is the reason / regulatory reference SAS RRM treats negative exposures in a certain way under IRB approach 
Investigate and correct unexpected results, e.g. amount of provisions for in default exposure class not consistent between C08.02 & C08.03

Technical Application Management
Technical Application Management (by SAS) includes the following tasks: 
Monitoring 
Incident handling 
Problem handling 
Execution of (standard) changes 
Proactive adjustments of the software configuration 
Software updates


Single point of contact
Cegeka will act as Single Point Of Contact. The following drawing summarizes the responsibilities: 
  
In case of questions during an incident or request, OAK or SAS will contact the Argenta subject matter expert directly, outside these flows. SAS will inform Cegeka of the status of all tickets, so Cegeka can perform the E2E follow-up. 
Monitoring events will also be logged by the Cegeka Service desk and dispatched to SAS if applicable.

Tactical Application Management meeting
Argenta, Cegeka, OAK and SAS hold each quarter a tactical meeting.
Examples of topics to discuss include (but are not limited to): 
Service performance review
Business case 
Business forecast 
Customer satisfaction 
Follow up of the collaboration and relationship 
Capacity management 
Innovation initiatives 
The meeting agenda will be defined up front based on questions and requirements of the three parties at that time. 
Operational Application Management meeting
Cegeka, OAK and SAS hold an operational meeting, where the following topics are discussed: 
Incident management 
Request management 
Problem management 
Change management
Housekeeping
Recurrent maintenance activities (housekeeping) are needed to ensure the correct working of the Application. Automation is applied where possible. 
Proactive management
Housekeeping includes following regular checks:
The running of the Application on its platform
Inspection of the Application after OS patching
system trends (trends of CPU/memory/disk usage) on deviations in evolution
assure the Application and Application settings are part of the backup of the underlaying platform

Resolution actions are triggered when needed and followed to assure the SLA.

Patching
The service includes patch releases.
Additional patching can be done on RFC basis. 
Patching of the underlying platform is part of the Service of that platform.
Life Cycle Management
Cegeka monitors the Technology version of the service and notifies the Customer in accordance with the agreed LCM policy (see cross-functional Services) when used versions are subject to end-of-support or end-of-life. Appropriate actions (updates, replacement or other actions) are planned in accordance with agreed maintenance windows and will be executed on T&M basis in case of major updates. Patches and minor updates are included in the service cost as part of ‘Patching’.

Monitoring
Cegeka monitors the correct working of the Application.
In order to manage the environment properly, application monitoring is set up. This is done in Cegeka's monitoring platform, so that the monitoring of the SAS platform is treated in the same way as the rest of the Argenta landscape. 
TCP checks: 
Job_Monitor_Data_Server 
Data_Remediation_Data_Server_Configuration 
Data_Management_Data_Server
SAS_PLF_Federation_Server_Port
Web Server 
HTTP checks:
SAS login
Cache
casManagement 
Monitoring improvements will be done during the lifecycle of the Service and are based on evaluation of incidents, problem management or other suggestions.

The underlaying platform is also monitored according to the related Service Description of the platform.
Monitoring events are evaluated during the Service Window in accordance to the Service Level of the individual environment. Notable events are treated as Incident tickets and are handled according to regular incident management.
Security and Compliance
Management of users
User & Access Management for SAS accounts is included in this Service. 

Detection of security incidents
The security management is performed following the Cegeka internal security policies and the contractual Customer security policies.
Security incidents are created in case a security breach is detected and is immediately communicated to the Customer and Cegeka stakeholders.
SIEM
Additional monitoring can be done based on System and/or Application logs, which can be forwarded to a Customer SIEM solution (Security reason) or other solution (compliance reason, e.g. central collection of application logs to oversee the application stack) on request.
Underlaying Platform hardening
The underlaying platform and OS will be hardened as part of and according to the Service Description of the related Services.
Backup and Restore
The operational Backup Plan contains the information on frequency and retention of the backups in accordance to the Customer backup policy.
Restores can be done both on file and on full system level. These can be requested via the regular RFC process.
Duration of a restore is dependant of the request (file or full; size of the item(s) to be restored).
Application settings are subject to the backup of the underlaying platform. 
Incident and problem management
Besides monitoring incidents (see ‘Monitoring’) also other incidents can be reported by both the Customer and Cegeka. These will be subject to the regular incident management process (See Cross-functionals).
Related to incident management, Cegeka performs also problem management (See Cross-functionals).
Customers responsibility
The customer is responsible for the installation of the software during the release, based in the provided binaries and manual.
Optional Service features 
This section describes the features that can be optionally added to the standard Service features and that will be priced (when applicable) on top of the standard Service features.

The following optional features are possible with the Service:
(the service has no optional features)
Requests
Both the Customer and Cegeka can issue a Request for Change (RFC) or a Request for Information (RFI).
There are multiple types of requests:
Service Request
This is a pre-defined request
Some can be requested via Horizon: these are pre-approved and pre-defined requests
Service request that is not pre-approved will be executed after approval by the CAB
Service Requests are executed as a change ticket and will be delivered within the indicated lead time. 
The pre-defined execution is optimal automated. 
This is used for requests that are often needed (multiple times per month).
These have a fixed price.
Normal Changes :
these are other non pre-defined requests
they need an evaluation and analysis where Cegeka needs to deliver a proposal and impact analysis to address the change request (with a T&M estimation).
A successive review, approval and planning (maintenance window) by a CAB of the proposal is needed prior to execution.
These are billed on T&M basis.
The handling of Requests is subject to the regular change management process (see Cross-functionals).

Out of scope 
Everything that is not explicitly mentioned in this service description is by default out of scope of this Service. Specifically: 
Infrastructure and OS services (platform) required for running the Application

The following activities are out of scope of the monthly service fee: 
Adaptive maintenance: functional changes (bug fixes are included in the service)
Integration with other systems and databases 


Service characteristics 
Obligatory
The following services are mandatory for the delivery of this service:
Platform : virtual machine on Cegeka Cloud and/or on PCA appliance with OS management
Backup/Restore services
Cegeka owned Licenses and/or subscriptions
The licenses and/or subscriptions listed in this section and their cost are included in this Service.
It is Cegeka’s responsibility to maintain license and/or subscription compliance.
Licenses and/or subscriptions used for Cross-Functional Services are included in the Service and are not listed below.
Customer owned Licenses and/or subscriptions
The licenses and/or subscriptions listed in this section and their cost are not included in this Service.
It is the customers responsibility to maintain license and/or subscription compliance.
Conditions 
n/a
Service delivery location
This Service is delivered remotely by the sub-outsourcer.
Service Reporting
The Cross-functional reporting is part of this Service Reporting where it is applicable for this service (see section ‘Relation to Cross-Functional Services’).

There is no specific (recurrent) reporting for this Service.

Data classification
Cegeka requires no access to confidential and/or personal data to perform this Service.
Engineer credentials do not need to access such data for the purpose of this Service.
In case of assistance in investigations of functional issues, Cegeka personnel may see or receive fragments of such data in case it is shared by the Customer (data fragments in the sense of exports, screen sharing, screen shots, etc. for investigation purposes).
Use of Subcontractor/Sub-outsourcer
This service is delivered with:
Subcontractor (Cegeka manages the Service with own engineers which are supported by an external party for escalations or technology specific questions or issues):
(none)
Sub-outsourcer (Cegeka delegates the Service to an external party):
OAK
SAS
Miscellaneous 
n/a
RACI Matrix
RACI role definition:
R-Responsible: The party who is responsible for the execution of the activity.  
A- Accountable: The party ultimately accountable for the correct and thorough completion of the task and/or activity as performed by the Responsible. For each task and/or activity exactly one Accountable must be specified. The Accountable has the mandate to accept/dismiss on work provided by the Responsible. The Accountable is by default reactive. 
C-Consulted: The party who must be consulted and must approve or provide input prior to execution. This party (partly) gives direction to the result. This is about two-way communication. 
I-Informed: That is the person/party who is informed about the decisions, progress and results achieved, so that the next step can be taken. This is about one-way communication.
Adherence to Cross-Functional Services 
The Service described in this Service Description adheres to the Cross-functional Services as described in  the contract where this Service is residing unless documented in the table below:
All Cross -Functional services rely on the Cegeka standard framework for processes and tooling.

Service Level Management
Service Window 
The Service Window is the time frame during which the agreed support services from Cegeka are available. Service windows are defined in the related Service Level Management document to this contract.

The Service Window for this service is ‘Bronze’.
Service Level
Service Levels of the cross-functional services are defined in the related Service Level Management document to this contract.


Availability

The availability of this Service depends on the availability of the underlying platform and the correct functioning of the operating system.

Service Billing
Standard Service Billing
The service is billed on a monthly basis.
 
Measurement 
The quantity of each billing element is determined on a monthly basis:
the quantities is 1  as the billing element is for the complete Application over all customer environments.
Calculation / Billing 
The price(s) is/are determined in the pricing schedule where this Service is residing.
The Service is billed per billing element:
price of each ‘billing element’ * quantity of each ‘billing element’ as defined in the measurement
Optional Service Billing
n/a
Change Request Billing
Changes are billed on a monthly basis.

Changes as result of Pre-approved and Normal Service requests are billed according to the defined prices in the pricing document of the related contact.

Non-standard change requests are billed on T&M basis. 
Document control


Document approval
	