


 
0 VERSION CONTROL
General

 
Version Control Table

Reviewers

Approval

Reference


Definition
[In this section an overview will be given of the used terms and definition specifically of this product.]
Service Description
Service Summary
The Cegeka Digital Identity Services offers operational support and guidance by subject matter experts to ensure that the Identity and Access Management (IAM) solution is maintained, secured, and remains compliant with current regulations. A typical IAM solution is a family of cloud identity and network access products. It enables organizations to implement a Zero Trust security strategy and create a trust fabric that verifies identities, validates access conditions, checks permissions, encrypts connection channels, and monitors for compromise. An IAM solution consists of the following capabilities which will be supported as part of this service:
The IAM solution provides the essential identity, authentication, policy, and protection to secure employees, devices, and enterprise apps and resources.
The IAM solution enables external identities to safely access business resources and consumer apps. It offers secure methods for collaborating with business partners and guests on internal apps and resources.
The IAM solution detects and reports identity-based risks. It enables administrators to investigate and automatically remediate risks using tools like Conditional Access. These capabilities will be covered in the service: ‘Digital Employee eXperience Security – Identity’
This service helps the customer to build a cybersecurity resilient environment by controlling key areas as required by multiple regulations. The Zero Trust security strategy includes these key principles:
Verify explicitly: Always authenticate and authorize based on all available data points, including user identity, network location, device health, service or workload, data classification, and anomalies.
Use least privilege access: Limit user access with Just-In-Time (JIT) and Just-Enough-Access (JEA), risk-based adaptive policies, and data protection to minimize the blast radius and prevent lateral movement.
Assume breach: Minimize the impact of a breach by segmenting access, verifying end-to-end encryption, and using analytics to get visibility, drive threat detection, and improve defenses.
The Digital Identity Services service provided by Cegeka maintains the customer's IAM solution and offers proactive recommendations for improvements. Additionally, Cegeka will provide usage insights through a dashboard that contains all essential information, giving the customer a comprehensive overview of the service's usage. 
Services
Standard Services
The following base services will be delivered as part of the Digital Identity Services service:

Management of Identity & Access Management Solution
Evaluate the Identity Secure Score and deliver monthly advice on Security topics to achieve a score which is above typical company average provided by Microsoft.
Evaluate the IAM solution and the best practice recommendations and deliver quarterly advice on best practice recommendations.
Track identity anomalies and deliver monthly advice how to improve. The following anomalies will be monitored as part of this service:
Successful & Failed Sign-ins
Successful & Failed Self Service Password Resets
Legacy authentication Sign-ins
IAM Solution MFA Sign-ins failures
Inactive Accounts
License assignment failures
Conditional Access Gaps and Recommendations from Microsoft
Provide Dashboard of the Digital Identity Services service to present information about this service including the KPIs.
Monitoring on expiration of application secrets and certificates;
Track license group assignments deliver monthly advice how to optimize licensing assignments;
Managing, track and deliver quarterly advice on External Identities (B2B) capabilities;
Monthly check on Lifecycle Management of the Entra Connect software;
Technical L2/L3 incident handling

As part of the standard services the following functionality within the IAM solution will be supported:
IAM Solution Basics (Users, Groups, Synchronization solutions,  Connect Health, Enterprise State Roaming, Administrative Units, Single-Sign-On, Branding);
Application Proxy capabilities;
Self-Service Password Reset & Password Protection;
Self-Service Group Management;
Management of Access packages and Access reviews;
Authentication methods:
Passwordless Authentication (Hello for Business Hybrid)(*);
Temporary Access Pass;
External Identities – B2B;
Microsoft Entra Verified ID(**);

(*) Full Passwordless Authentication (without any passwords in-use) requires the additional SKU Management of Full Passwordless Identity Solution the be active.
(**) For Face check additional licenses and resources are required, these will be described later in this document.

Optional Services
The following base services will be delivered as part of the Digital Identity Services service:

Management of Full Passwordless Identity Solution
Management of the full passwordless configuration and providing monthly advice;	
Additional Technical L2/L3 incident handling for a full passwordless configuration;    
Service Request 
A Service Request can be a
•	Request for a Standard Change
•	Request for a Standardized Change
•	Request for a Non Standard Change
•	Request for Information

Table below contains all Service Requests for this Service,

Management of Full Passwordless Identity Solution
N/A
Out of scope
Everything that is not explicitly mentioned in this service description is by default out of scope.

Service Characteristics 
Obligatory Services
The following service are Obligatory for this service to be delivered:
Digital Employee eXperience – My Support – Remote Support or equivalent;
Digital Employee eXperience – Platform – Remote Support or equivalent;
Hybrid Cloud – OS Management Gold on all Connect servers or equivalent.
Prerequisites & Conditions 
This service has the following prerequisites and conditions before this service can be delivered:
This service supports only Microsoft Entra ID as identity and access management solution. Other solutions are not included.
The Service requires an instance of the Microsoft 365 SaaS platform component Microsoft Entra;
The activities of this service only focuses on cloud identities in Microsoft Entra and hybrid identities through Microsoft Entra Connect (no Active Directory);
The scope for the recommendations provided by this service is only general available functionality of the IAM solution;
Correct licenses are available and assigned for each device/user;
The Cegeka Digital Employee eXperience team members have the necessary roles in Microsoft SaaS platform:
Global Reader
Authentication Administrator (Privileged)
Application Administrator (Privileged)
Cloud Application Administrator (Privileged)
Cloud Device Administrator (Privileged)
Conditional Access Administrator (Privileged)
User Administrator (Privileged)
Groups Administrator
License Administrator
Role restricted to a subset of Engineers:
Global Administrator (Privileged)
Privileged roles may be assigned as eligible through Privileged Identity Management instead of permanently active in the case of available Microsoft Entra ID Plan 2 licenses.
Contributor access to an Azure Subscription with a Log Analytics Workplace for monitoring & analysis purposes;
To engage Microsoft Premier Support, an active GDAP relationship is required;
Cegeka enterprise app registrations (2) for license monitoring, dashboarding and automation purposes;
Cegeka is only accountable for Secure Score KPIs when the client approves and implements our recommended optimizations and provides any required licenses. If the client declines, modifies recommendations, or fails to supply necessary licenses, the related KPIs are void and Cegeka bears no responsibility.

Cegeka owned licenses and/or subscriptions
N/A
Customer owned licenses and/or subscriptions
These licenses and/or subscriptions and not included in this Service. It is the Customer responsibility to maintain license and/or subscription compliance.

Location 
This service is not delivered from within the Customer premises. Only from the Cegeka (virtual) Office Environment.
Ownership 
All automation used to deliver this service remains the property of Cegeka at all times.
Miscellaneous 
[In this section specific topics regarding the service will be listed and shortly described.]
RACI Matrix
Listed below are the activities related to the Service; the activities RACI related to enabling services are listed in the Enabling Services Document.


RACI Role definition
= Responsible: The party who is responsible for the execution of the activity.  
= Accountable: The party ultimately accountable for the correct and thorough completion of the task and/or activity as performed by the Responsible. For each task and/or activity exactly one Accountable must be specified. The Accountable has the mandate to accept/dismiss on work provided by the Responsible. The Accountable is by default reactive.
= Consulted: The party who must be consulted and must approve or provide input prior to execution. This party (partly) gives direction to the result. This is about two-way communication.
= Informed: That is the person/party who is informed about the decisions, progress and results achieved, so that the next step can be taken. This is about one-way communication.
Onboarding
 (Technical) Implementation Phase
This document only describes the implementation steps required for this service. The governance activities around the implementation of this service are not part of this approach and need to be added manually based on the customer project. The implementation phase of the project consists of the following:
Initiation & Design
Implementation & Testing
Production Rollout
In the following paragraphs these phases will be described in more detail. 
Initiation & Design
This phase begins with a face-to-face session where the customer defines the requirements for the implementation. During this session, Cegeka will present the standard approach for implementing the service and its components. The standard approach includes a standard design with predefined design choices. Based on the requirements discussed in the session, adjustments to the design can be made where allowed by Cegeka's standards. Additionally, it will be determined which optional services will be implemented along with the base service. This phase has the following set of minimal activities:
Face-to-face kickoff session with customer defining requirements and the service;
Writing technical design of the service with all design rules and choices;
Defining the acceptation criteria for the test activities during the implementation;
The results of the phase should be the following documents: Technical Design of the service and a list acceptation criteria for the implementation of the service approved by the customer.
Implementation & Testing
During this phase, the base service will be implemented along with any additional services. Cegeka will perform the implementation based on the designs prepared in the previous phase. The process begins with implementing and testing the base services. This includes enabling a hybrid identity and authentication solution, which will be configured within Microsoft Entra. Once the base services are implemented, validated, and tested, the additional services will be added and configured. 
Enablement of the Identity & Access Management solution;
Testing of the deployment of the Identity & Access Management solution;
Technical validation of the service;
Signed Acceptance Criteria report by customer;
Release-to-production process followed resulting in the service in run phase;
Production Rollout
The production rollout of this service will consist of syncing all users towards Microsoft Entra ID. From this moment all users will be able to use the Hybrid Identity for authentication against AD and Entra ID connected resources. Authentication will be configured for all users and this service is activated for all users.
Service Onboarding Requirements
This service has the following onboarding requirements which need to be in place before this service:
Cegeka Microsoft Entra design or equivalent. If the design is not the official Cegeka design, it needs to be validated by the Product Delivery Authority;
If the service is activated as part of a project and/or transition the implementation needs to be approved by the Release-To-Delivery process;
If the service is sold as part of a takeover of an existing environment, a health check needs to be executed on the environment and results should be approved by the Product Delivery Authority;
Incident Areas and Change Categories are activated for the customer;
All Prerequisites & Conditions of Chapter are fulfilled and present;
Service Levels Management
Service Window
Table below gives an overview of the applicable Service Support Windows for each Standard & Optional service:

Service Level

3rd Party SLA
This service makes use of a third party PAAS provider. For the SLA’s concerning uptime and/or availability of the 3rd party platform we refer to the following documentation  Service Level Agreements (SLA) for Online Services.

Service Billing
Measurement 
The quantity of each billing element is determined on a mentioned monthly basis on the 1st day of the month:
the quantities for the standard service and optional services are determined by the number of users with an assigned license to the corresponding standard service;

Calculation / Billing 
The price(s) is/are determined in the pricing schedule where this Service is residing. The Service is billed per billing element:
price of each 'billing element' * quantity of each 'billing unit' as defined in the measurement
Standard Service Billing

Optional Service Billing

Service Request Billing

(*) Billing Method: 
Default: pre-agreed fixed price per standard change
T&M: Time & Material
(**) Approval Method:
Default: pre-approved by customer
Approval/CAB: separate approval necessary prior to execution

Relation to Enabling Services
To guarantee the Service quality Cegeka refers to the Enabling Services from the contract document set and their corresponding standard KPI's. The following table lists only relevant specifics regarding enabling services for the product. When in the table no specific is filled, this implies that the service adheres to the standards described in the Enabling Services document.
