	 
 


Service Description
Service identification
Service summary 
Infrastructure management
This Service is the management and administration of a Cegeka pre-defined F5 platform (the Infrastructure). It offers a hosted ‘application delivery controller’ solution including the deployment, management, maintenance, and monitoring. This comprehensive service includes the installation and configuration of application delivery appliances in a cluster mode and its software to ensure application high-availability, load balancing, web application firewalling and secure access.
The service can provide following functionalities, depending on the Customers’ needs:
F5 LTM (Local traffic Manager)
F5 AWF (Advanced Web application Firewall)
F5 APM (Access Policy Manager)
F5 DNS
Customer admin access for own control of the configurations (co-management)
The service is delivered in different sizes (Small, Medium, Large).

The Infrastructure
This Service is the technical management of virtual F5 environments which are dedicated set up for one particular Customer.
The F5 nodes are based on appliances running on a dedicated Cegeka virtualization environment. The cost is included in the pricing of this Service.
The service manages the components of the platform infrastructure. These components are:
A cluster of Application Delivery Appliances running on a dedicated Cegeka virtualization environment
Management of the cluster of Application Delivery Appliances
The underpinning infrastructure

The drawing below depicts a logical model of the scope of the service. 

Figure 1: Scope of the Service


Service features 
Standard Service features 
The service includes following:
24/7/365 break/fix support,
Redundantly deployed virtual appliance HA cluster(s) in Active/Standby (2 node cluster by default),
licenses and active support contract,
The basic configuration of the application delivery appliance to enforce security policies and access controls,
Continuous monitoring and management of the application delivery appliance to ensure optimal availability and performance,
Updates and patches are implemented to keep the software up to date within the vendor’s support matrix,
Urgent Product Security Incident Response Team (PSIRT) notifications can result in additional updates and/or patches as per guidance of the vendor,
The service includes logging and reporting features, providing clients with detailed information about network activity and security events upon request,
The managed application delivery service offers some advanced features, configured using our template. Activation and/or customization of advanced features are done upon request in time and materials,
Cegeka offers expertise and guidance in application delivery configuration and optimization to maximize security and performance. Firewall rules can be implemented, ensuring that only authorized traffic is allowed to pass through the network,
Daily backups of configurations and settings are performed, ensuring quick recovery in case of system failures or disasters,
Cegeka maintains relationships with leading application delivery vendors to leverage the latest technologies and tools for enhanced availability and protection.



LTM (Local Traffic Manager)
Features include:
Load Balancing
Traffic Steering
Health Monitoring
TCP Optimization
Caching
Data Protection
Perfect Forward Secrecy

IMPORTANT REMARK:
These features are included in the license but activation of features, which are not enabled in the basic configuration, as well as customization of features is not included in the service. These activities can be done in time & material.

Sizing guidelines
To correctly size an LTM, the expected customer requirements, e.g. throughput, should be multiplied by three (3) for peak load reasons before searching the table below.


AWF (Web Application Firewall)
Features include :
Advanced Application Protection
OWASP top 10 defense
API protocol security

IMPORTANT REMARK:
These features are included in the license but activation of features, which are not enabled in the basic configuration, as well as customization of features is not included in the service. These activities can be done in time & material.
Sizing guidelines
To correctly size an AWF, the expected customer requirements, e.g. throughput, should be multiplied by three (3) for peak load reasons before searching the table below.


APM (Access Policy Manager)
Features include:
Client VPN
Split tunneling
Identity federation
MFA


IMPORTANT REMARK:
These features are included in the license but activation of features, which are not enabled in the basic configuration, as well as customization of features is not included in the service. These activities can be done in time & material.
Sizing guidelines
To correctly size an AWF, the expected customer requirements, e.g. throughput, should be multiplied by three (3) before searching the table below.



DNS (DNS Load Balancer)
Features:
GSLB (Global Server Load Balancing)
DNS Health Monitor
Automated Failover

IMPORTANT REMARK:
These features are included in the license but activation of features, which are not enabled in the basic configuration, as well as customization of features is not included in the service. These activities can be done in time & material.





Infrastructure knowledge
Cegeka ensures skilled engineers with experience on the infrastructure in order to perform the Service.
Technical setup
Cegeka decides in the configuration of the Infrastructure in order to configure it up according to the technology requirements of the Infrastructure and in line with the best practices of the vendor. 
Technical setup is documented on operational level and is available to the Customer.
Every  appliance is by default tuned according to Cegeka’s baseline of functional and security requirements. 
Some example settings:
Hostname, user profiles, radius authentication, admin session timeout, DNS servers, NTP servers, syslog servers and settings, logging settings, SNMP settings, security dashboard, audit logging, inspection mode, central NAT mode, session limits, cluster and HA settings, security zones, commonly used address groups and objects, commonly used service groups and objects, DoS policies, Anti-Virus profiles, IPS profiles, Application control lists, Web filter profiles, DNS filter profiles, …

Appliance on a dedicated virtualization environment for such appliances
Isolation and Segregation: Cegeka chose to implement a dedicated virtualization environment so that every appliance is isolated from other virtual machines and workloads. This segregation ensures that the performance and stability of these critical appliances are not impacted by the resource demands of other virtual machines.
Customization and Configuration Flexibility: Running an appliance on a dedicated host allows for customizing the hypervisor configuration to meet the specific needs of these appliances. It enables us to fine-tune virtual machine settings and networking configurations for maximum efficiency and functionality.
Security Enhancements: With a separate environment, it becomes easier to implement strict security measures and access controls. Access to the management interfaces of network and security appliances can be restricted to authorized personnel only, reducing the risk of unauthorized access or attacks.
Resource Guarantee/ Performance Optimization: the Service is a critical component that requires predictable and guaranteed resources. A dedicated hypervisor environment allows us to allocate resources exclusively to these appliances, ensuring consistent performance. 
An appliance for this Service requires significant computing resources. Providing a dedicated virtualization environment allows these appliances to access the necessary CPU, memory, and storage (local) resources without contention from other virtual machines, leading to optimal performance.
Scalability and Redundancy: Cegeka has chosen to use the high availability and redundancy configurations that are embedded in the Service itself without relying on hypervisor redundancy.
Oversubscription: It is important to note that we don’t use any oversubscription in the usage of compute and storage resources. We only use the available capacity up to and around 80% of the physical limit of the host. Activity of a virtual machine therefore can’t cause any deterioration in the performance of another virtual machine.

Technical management
Cegeka is responsible for the technical operation of the Infrastructure and to assure it’s correct running during the agreed availability windows.
Managing the (security) log file generation (via syslog) and storing the log files of the device on a system of Cegeka for at least 6 months. The storage boundary is managed / guarded by a fair use policy.

When an appliance becomes obsolete the instance and associated resources will be removed. When an instance is destroyed the data is permanently removed. This operation is irreversible! Any used license will be returned to the Cegeka license pool. Licenses are not transferable.
Housekeeping
Recurrent maintenance activities (housekeeping) are needed to ensure the correct working of the Infrastructure. Automation is applied where possible. 

Proactive management
Housekeeping includes following regular checks:
The technical setup and the running of the Infrastructure
Maintain optimal performance by monitoring and measuring - on an ongoing basis - the key performance indicators 
Analyse and diagnose the infrastructure to achieve efficient use of capacity to deliver service requirements
The OS management of the virtualization environment.

Resolution actions are triggered when needed and followed to assure the SLA.

Maintain best practice performance optimization techniques.
drop optimization
state tables
throughput acceleration
connection-rate acceleration
worker processes/instances
interface optimization
interface buffering
traffic inspection




Patching
The service includes a maximum of 2 patch cycles (per environment) per year for the managed service. Patching is done in accordance to the operational Patch Plan.
Note: critical patches are subject to immediate patching in accordance with the cross-functionals.
Life Cycle Management
Cegeka respects the operating system lifecycle as provided by the vendor. 
Cegeka monitors the Infrastructure and notifies the Customer timely when they are subject to end-of-life. This includes, if applicable, the extension or replacement of the Infrastructure.
Cegeka also notifies the Customer upon newer versions of the Infrastructure in order to plan the update of the platform in time within the followed (relative) version (for example N-1).
Life Cycle Updates will be planned in accordance with the agreed maintenance windows and will be executed on T&M basis.
The customer will be informed at least 6 months in advance to properly plan the upgrade, as significant customer effort is required in application testing. 
Monitoring
Cegeka monitors the correct working of the Infrastructure.
Cegeka has developed a wide range of infrastructure checks to monitor availability of different components and available resource capacity. Most of them are pro-active based on target thresholds while others are reactive. The monitoring checks and associated thresholds are documented in the monitoring plan.
Monitoring improvements will be done during the lifecycle of the Service.
Monitoring events are evaluated during the Service Window in accordance to the Service Level of the individual environment. Notable events are treated as Incident tickets and are handled according to regular incident management.
In case the Customer uses co-management, additional monitoring can be set up with a Customer dedicated monitoring solution (e.g. Dynatrace).

Security and Compliance
Management of technical users
The management of technical users (for engineers) is done by Cegeka in agreement with the Customer and in accordance to the Customer IAM policies.
Detection of security incidents
The security management is performed following the Cegeka internal security policies and the contractual Customer security policies.
Security incidents are created in case a security breach is detected and is immediately communicated to the Customer and Cegeka stakeholders.
Application logs for SIEM purposes or compliance purposes
Additional monitoring can be done based on System and/or Application logs, which can be forwarded to a Customer SIEM solution (Security reason) or other solution (compliance reason, e.g. central collection of application logs to oversee the application stack) on request.
Backup and Restore
The operational Backup Plan contains the information on frequency and retention of the backups in accordance to the Customer backup policy.
Duration of a restore is dependant of the request (file or full; size of the item(s) to be restored.
Incident and problem management
Besides monitoring incidents (see ‘Monitoring’) also other incidents can be reported by both the Customer and Cegeka. These will be subject to the regular incident management process (See Cross-functionals).
Related to incident management, Cegeka performs also problem management (See Cross-functionals).
Customers responsibility
The Customer can have administrative access to the environment(s) to be able to manage their configurations. The customer must register his change activities in the Cegeka ITSM system for audit reasons.
Optional Service features 
This section describes the features that can be optionally added to the standard Service features and that will be priced (when applicable) on top of the standard Service features.

The following optional features are possible with the Service:
(there are no optional features)

Requests
Both the Customer and Cegeka can issue a Request for Change (RFC) or a Request for Information (RFI).
There are multiple types of requests:
Service Request
This is a pre-defined request
Some can be requested via Horizon: these are pre-approved and pre-defined requests
Service request that is not pre-approved will be executed after approval by the CAB
Service Requests are executed as a change ticket and will be delivered within the indicated lead time. 
The pre-defined execution is optimal automated. 
This is used for requests that are often needed (multiple times per month).
These have a fixed price.
Normal Changes :
these are other non pre-defined requests
they need an evaluation and analysis where Cegeka needs to deliver a proposal and impact analysis to address the change request (with a T&M estimation).
A successive review, approval and planning (maintenance window) by a CAB of the proposal is needed prior to execution.
These are billed on T&M basis.
The handling of Requests is subject to the regular change management process (see Cross-functionals).


Out of scope 
Everything that is not explicitly mentioned in this service description is by default out of scope of this Service. 

Operational changes NOT in scope 
The service does not cover operational changes on customer request. These changes will be charged in time and material. 
Example operational changes include but are not limited to:
Firewall rule modifications: update existing firewall rules to accommodate changes in network requirements, application updates, and security policies,
Port and protocol adjustments: Modify allowed or blocked ports and protocols based on the specific needs of the network and applications,
Topology adjustments: Modify directly or indirectly connected network segments. (VLAN related changes, IP Routing changes),
IP address whitelisting/blacklisting: Add or remove IP addresses from whitelists or blacklists,
VPN configuration: Configure and/or adjust VPN settings and access rules to accommodate new remote access requirements or changes in the network topology,
SD-WAN configuration: Configure and/or adjust SD-WAN settings to accommodate changes in the network topology,
Application and service access: Permit or deny access to specific applications or services based on organizational needs and security considerations,
User access control: Manage user-based access control by updating user groups and permissions to limit or grant access to specific resources,
NAT (Network Address Translation) Adjustments: Modify NAT rules to facilitate communication between internal and external networks and to accommodate new services or servers,
Intrusion Prevention System (IPS)/Intrusion Detection System (IDS) updates: Keep the IPS/IDS rules up to date to protect against new threats and vulnerabilities,
Denial-of-Service protection: Enable and configure DoS protection mechanisms to mitigate DoS attacks,
Geo-IP blocking: Implement restrictions based on geographical locations to prevent access from specific regions or countries, if necessary,
Protocol inspection: Configure deep packet inspection for specific protocols to enhance security and prevent potential threats.
Project related activities: Some activities related to a project may require actions on a service, either in bulk or in collaboration with a transition team. While these actions can be executed through the regular process, it may not be the most efficient approach. Therefore, an option is available to perform these activities as time and material.


Service characteristics 
Obligatory
The following services are mandatory for the delivery of this service:
n/a
Cegeka owned Licenses and/or subscriptions
These licenses and/or subscriptions and their cost are included in this Service.
It is Cegeka’s responsibility to maintain license and/or subscription compliance.
Licenses and/or subscriptions used for Cross-Functional Services are included in the Service and are not listed below.


Customer owned Licenses and/or subscriptions
These licenses and/or subscriptions and their cost are not included in this Service.
It is the customers responsibility to maintain license and/or subscription compliance.

Administration of licenses involves: 
buying the license and/or support contract; 
the timely extension of the licenses; 
the timely cancellation of the licenses.  
License compliancy 
Customer has to share the available licenses with Cegeka. 
Cegeka will assist in customer license compliance by providing knowledge and reporting on use of licenses and license requirements.
Cegeka ensures to implement or activate features that are only in-line with the licenses owned by the customer.

Conditions 
n/a
Service delivery location
This Service is delivered remotely from the Cegeka (virtual) Office environment.

Service Reporting
Monthly reporting will be provided to inform on the availability and meeting the SLA’s and to provide insights on the capacity and expected extensions required.

Data classification
Cegeka requires no access to confidential and/or personal data to perform this Service.
Engineer credentials do not need to access such data for the purpose of this Service.
In case of assistance in investigations of functional issues, Cegeka personnel may see or receive fragments of such data in case it is shared by the Customer (data fragments in the sense of exports, screen sharing, screen shots, etc. for investigation purposes).
Use of Subcontractor/Sub-outsourcer
This service is delivered with:
Subcontractor (Cegeka manages the Service with own engineers which are supported by an external party for escalations or technology specific questions or issues):
F5
Sub-outsourcer (Cegeka delegates the Service to an external party):
(none)
Miscellaneous 
n/a
RACI Matrix

(*)Argenta users will receive the ‘Manager’ role on F5-level. This role grants users permission to create, modify and delete virtual servers, pools, pool members, nodes, custom profiles, custom monitors, and iRules. These users can view all objects on the system.
(*)Cegeka users will receive the ‘Administrator’ role on F5-level. This role grants complete access to all objects on the system.

RACI role definition:
R-Responsible: The party who is responsible for the execution of the activity.  
A- Accountable: The party ultimately accountable for the correct and thorough completion of the task and/or activity as performed by the Responsible. For each task and/or activity exactly one Accountable must be specified. The Accountable has the mandate to accept/dismiss on work provided by the Responsible. The Accountable is by default reactive. 
C-Consulted: The party who must be consulted and must approve or provide input prior to execution. This party (partly) gives direction to the result. This is about two-way communication. 
I-Informed: That is the person/party who is informed about the decisions, progress and results achieved, so that the next step can be taken. This is about one-way communication.
Adherence to Cross-Functional Services 
The Service described in this Service Description adheres to the Cross-functional Services as described in the contract where this Service is residing unless documented in the table below:

The Cross -Functional services rely on the Cegeka standard framework for processes and tooling.
Service Level Agreement
Service Window 
The Service Window is the time frame during which the agreed support services from Cegeka are available. Service windows are defined in the related Service Level Management document to this contract.
Service Level
Service Levels of the cross-functional services are defined in the related Service Level Management document to this contract.

Availability

The following Availability KPI’s are provided for the Service:

 
The availability measurement is monthly and calculated as:
(Total time of service window of the measured period – time of outage based on Cegeka infrastructure monitoring during the measured period) / Total time of service window of the measured period) * 100
Service Billing
Standard Service Billing
The service is billed on a monthly basis.


Measurement 
The quantity of each billing element is determined on a monthly basis:
Number of billing unit items per definition in the CMDB

Calculation / Billing 
The price(s) is/are determined in the pricing schedule where this Service is residing.
The Service is billed per billing element:
price of each ‘billing element’ * quantity of each ‘billing element’ as defined in the measurement
Optional Service Billing
n/a
Change Request Billing
Changes are billed on a monthly basis.

Changes as result of Pre-approved and Normal Service requests are billed according to the defined prices in the pricing document of the related contact.

Non-standard change requests are billed on T&M basis.
Document control


Document approval
	