 
 


Service Description
Service identification
Service summary 
Application Management Services
The Service provides the end-to-end management of the ‘Hypocalc’ application (The Application) from a functional applicative perspective. Together with the underlaying obligatory Platform services, Cegeka unburdens the customer with all functional and technical aspects from infrastructure up to the functional Application.
The Standard Service features consist out of:
Functional Application Management service of the Hypocalc by Cegeka Shared Services Team (SST)
A service desk as single point of contact for the end-users of Argenta
Application development based on Argenta requests and specifications (T&M based)
Management of the underlying IT components by Cegeka Infra (as part of another Service Description)
The Application
Hypocalc is a business critical application used by the Argenta department “Lenen” for the purpose of simulating/calculating ‘Hypotheek’ (mortgage) and consumer loans.
The ‘Hypocalc’ application is originally developed external by INL, based on a .NET framework. The application has been handed over in 2021 to Cegeka and Argenta. 
Further development of the Application  is done by Cegeka on a best effort basis.
Service features 
Standard Service features 
Application knowledge
Cegeka ensures skilled engineers with knowledge of the Application:
Knowledge of the application code is shared in the Cegeka SST to provide continuity
Knowledge of the application code is secured by an identified backup of every role in SST. 
Application Management
We deliver the following activities within the managed service:
Application Monitoring:
availability of the Hypocalc application (Sanity Check web page of the Application)
Answering requests for information (RFI) or give an estimation for request for change (development) on T&M basis. Requests are treated via RFC. An approval for T&M effort will be requested upfront.
Argenta Operations has the possibility to communicate directly to Cegeka’s SST (for the Application), related to the changes in regard of Hypocalc.
By default, changes will be issued to the Service Desk. In case a change has impact on the underlying infrastructure, Cegeka will co-ordinate the change with the INFRA team(s).
All changes and developments are performed on a T&M basis.
Proactive follow-up on the evolution of the Application framework used (.NET). Note that the framework is frozen and no further upgrades are performed.
Preparation and standby for the release (to production) of new Application version updates during release moments as defined by Argenta in the release plan (5 to 7 major releases per year). The effort required to successfully complete these release moments, requires standby and/or intervention effort.
Cegeka prepares the binaries for the installations by preparing the software (binaries) and a short manual for the installation during release. 
The actual release (installation) is done by Argenta ICT deploy team using the delivered binaries and manual.
Cegeka will be standby (on call) on request during the release moments to assure successful completion of the release.
All effort spent for standby and intervention during the release are provided on a T&M basis. (Note: most of the time these are planned outside the normal service hours).

Housekeeping
Recurrent maintenance activities (housekeeping) are needed to ensure the correct working of the Application. Automation is applied where possible. 
Proactive management
Housekeeping includes following regular checks:
The running of the Application on its platform
Inspection of the Application after OS patching
system trends (trends of CPU/memory/disk usage) on deviations in evolution
assure the Application and Application settings are part of the backup of the underlaying platform

Resolution actions are triggered when needed and followed to assure the SLA.

Patching
The service includes no releases/patchings.
Patching of the underlying platform is part of the Service of that platform.
Life Cycle Management
The services includes no Life Cycle Management since the .NET platform is frozen.
Monitoring
Cegeka monitors the correct working of the Application on all Customer environments.
Monitoring improvements will be done during the lifecycle of the Service and are based on evaluation of incidents, problem management or other suggestions.

The underlaying platform is also monitored according to the related Service Description of the platform.
Monitoring events are evaluated during the Service Window in accordance to the Service Level of the individual environment. Notable events are treated as Incident tickets and are handled according to regular incident management.
Security and Compliance
Management of technical users
The management of application users (test/verification purposes for engineers) is done by Argenta in accordance to their IAM policies.
Detection of security incidents
The security management is performed following the Cegeka internal security policies and the contractual Customer security policies.
Security incidents are created in case a security breach is detected and is immediately communicated to the Customer and Cegeka stakeholders.

SIEM
The application generates no logs.
Underlaying Platform hardening
The underlaying platform and OS will be hardened as part of and according to the Service Description of the related Services.
Backup and Restore
The operational Backup Plan contains the information on frequency and retention of the backups in accordance to the Customer backup policy.
Restores can be done both on file and on full system level. These can be requested via the regular RFC process.
Duration of a restore is dependant of the request (file or full; size of the item(s) to be restored).
Application settings are subject to the backup of the underlaying platform. 
Incident and problem management
Besides monitoring incidents (see ‘Monitoring’) also other incidents can be reported by both the Customer and Cegeka. These will be subject to the regular incident management process (See Cross-functionals).
Related to incident management, Cegeka performs also problem management (See Cross-functionals).
Customers responsibility
The customer is responsible for the installation of the software during the release, based in the provided binaries and manual.
The responsibility for the functionality of the application remains at all times at Argenta.
Optional Service features 
This section describes the features that can be optionally added to the standard Service features and that will be priced (when applicable) on top of the standard Service features.

The following optional features are possible with the Service:
(there are no optional features)
Requests
Both the Customer and Cegeka can issue a Request for Change (RFC) or a Request for Information (RFI).
There are multiple types of requests:
Service Request
This is a pre-defined request
Some can be requested via Horizon: these are pre-approved and pre-defined requests
Service request that is not pre-approved will be executed after approval by the CAB
Service Requests are executed as a change ticket and will be delivered within the indicated lead time. 
The pre-defined execution is optimal automated. 
This is used for requests that are often needed (multiple times per month).
These have a fixed price.
Normal Changes :
these are other non pre-defined requests
they need an evaluation and analysis where Cegeka needs to deliver a proposal and impact analysis to address the change request (with a T&M estimation).
A successive review, approval and planning (maintenance window) by a CAB of the proposal is needed prior to execution.
These are billed on T&M basis.
The handling of Requests is subject to the regular change management process (see Cross-functionals).

Out of scope 
Everything that is not explicitly mentioned in this service description is by default out of scope of this Service. Specifically: 
Infrastructure and OS services (platform) required for running the Application
Cegeka has no knowledge regarding the legislation of the business process which are the basis for the Application. Therefore Cegeka cannot be held responsible for possible impact following the working of the Application.
Cegeka is not responsible for the availability of the application other than for technical underlaying platform reasons, like unavailability due to security reasons, functional issues or defects (bugs). There are no SLA’s on the correct working of the Hypocalc application. 

Service characteristics 
Obligatory
The following services are mandatory for the delivery of this service:
Platform : Windows virtual machine on Cegeka Cloud with OS management
Backup/Restore services
Cegeka owned Licenses and/or subscriptions
The licenses and/or subscriptions listed in this section and their cost are included in this Service.
It is Cegeka’s responsibility to maintain license and/or subscription compliance.
Licenses and/or subscriptions used for Cross-Functional Services are included in the Service and are not listed below.
Customer owned Licenses and/or subscriptions
The licenses and/or subscriptions listed in this section and their cost are not included in this Service.
It is the customers responsibility to maintain license and/or subscription compliance.
Conditions 
n/a
Service delivery location
This Service is delivered remotely from the Cegeka (virtual) Office environment.
Service Reporting
The Cross-functional reporting is part of this Service Reporting where it is applicable for this service (see section ‘Relation to Cross-Functional Services’).

There are no specific (recurrent) reports for this Service.

Data classification
Cegeka requires no access to confidential and/or personal data to perform this Service.
Engineer credentials do not need to access such data for the purpose of this Service.
In case of assistance in investigations of functional issues, Cegeka personnel may see or receive fragments of such data in case it is shared by the Customer (data fragments in the sense of exports, screen sharing, screen shots, etc. for investigation purposes).
Use of Subcontractor/Sub-outsourcer
This service is delivered with:
Subcontractor (Cegeka manages the Service with own engineers which are supported by an external party for escalations or technology specific questions or issues):
(none)
Sub-outsourcer (Cegeka delegates the Service to an external party):
(none)
Miscellaneous 
n/a
RACI Matrix
RACI role definition:
R-Responsible: The party who is responsible for the execution of the activity.  
A- Accountable: The party ultimately accountable for the correct and thorough completion of the task and/or activity as performed by the Responsible. For each task and/or activity exactly one Accountable must be specified. The Accountable has the mandate to accept/dismiss on work provided by the Responsible. The Accountable is by default reactive. 
C-Consulted: The party who must be consulted and must approve or provide input prior to execution. This party (partly) gives direction to the result. This is about two-way communication. 
I-Informed: That is the person/party who is informed about the decisions, progress and results achieved, so that the next step can be taken. This is about one-way communication.
Adherence to Cross-Functional Services 
The Service described in this Service Description adheres to the Cross-functional Services as described in  the contract where this Service is residing unless documented in the table below:
All Cross -Functional services rely on the Cegeka standard framework for processes and tooling.

Service Level Management
Service Window 
The Service Window is the time frame during which the agreed support services from Cegeka are available. Service windows are defined in the related Service Level Management document to this contract.
Service Level
Service Levels of the cross-functional services are defined in the related Service Level Management document to this contract.




Availability

The following Availability Performance Metrics are provided for the Service:

The availability measurement is monthly and calculated as:
(Total time of service window of the measured period – time of outage based on Cegeka infrastructure monitoring during the measured period) / Total time of service window of the measured period) * 100

Service Billing
Standard Service Billing
The service is billed on a monthly basis.
 
Measurement 
The quantity of each billing element is determined on a monthly basis:
the quantities (T&M hours) are monthly provided by Cegeka.

Calculation / Billing 
The price(s) is/are determined in the pricing schedule where this Service is residing.
The Service is billed per billing element:
price of each ‘billing element’ * quantity of each ‘billing element’ as defined in the measurement
Optional Service Billing
n/a
Change Request Billing
Changes are billed on a monthly basis.

Changes as result of Pre-approved and Normal Service requests are billed according to the defined prices in the pricing document of the related contact.

Non-standard change requests are billed on T&M basis. 
Document control


Document approval
	