Introduction
The content of this service description (Chapter 1) is used to compile a service catalog that is used in the contract with the client. This introduction and document history below are for internal use only. 
It is allowed to merge Chapter 1 with other service descriptions into a single service catalog. Modifying the content of Chapter 1 for individual clients is not allowed. (If necessary, any adjustments can only be made with approval from the responsible service owner of product manager.)
Document history

End of sale
This service is end of sale. The service can still be used for customers where this service is already in use. The service can’t be used for new customers. 

Security & Networking
Firewall Services (Dedicated rule-base)
Service summary
The shared firewall service consists of redundant firewall nodes, split up over the availability zones of Hasselt and Geleen. This configuration guarantees full redundancy. In a DRP scenario all new sessions will fail over automatically to the standby node.
The platform is based on Checkpoint VSX technology. The customer will be provided with its own dedicated virtual firewall, allowing for multi gigabit performance and redundancy.
Each dedicated virtual firewall contains a specific rule base (in accordance with the Cegeka rule base convention).
Standard service components
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
Controls access between separate networks on L4 of the OSI model;
Executes address translation between separate networks (NAT/Hiding);
Rules management via Standard Request;
Management of the following components:
Firewall nodes;
Firewall software;
Management station;
Management software.
Security
The Service is certified against ISO27001. Processes for managing this service are part of the yearly ISAE3000 statement. 
Patching & Lifecycle management
We perform patches according to the vendor's schedule. 
Capacity Management
We perform proactive capacity management. When necessary, we perform upgrades on the central equipment
Optional service components
The Cegeka firewall solution has an (Unified Threat Management) UTM approach. This entails that, next to protection based on source, destination and protocol level a higher level of protection is possible. Namely an intelligent protection, higher up in the TCP/IP-stack.
URL Filtering
The URL Filtering Software Blade provides optimized web security through full integration in the gateway to prevent bypass through external proxies. Integration of policy enforcement with Application Control means enhanced Web and Web 2.0 protection, and User Check technology empowers and educates users on web usage policy in real time. The URL Filtering Software Blade is a key component of the Secure Web Gateway.
Application Control
The Application Control Software Blade provides the industry’s strongest application security and identity control to organizations of all sizes. It enables IT teams to easily create granular policies—based on users or groups—to identify, block or limit usage of over 6,000 Web 2.0 applications and 300,000 widgets. The Application Control Software Blade is a key component of the Secure Web Gateway Appliance.
Identity Awareness
The Identity Awareness Software Blade provides granular visibility of users, groups and machines, providing unmatched application and access control through the creation of accurate, identity-based policies. Centralized management and monitoring allows policies to be managed from a single, unified console.
Anti-Bot
A bot is malicious software that allows cybercriminals to remotely control computers and execute illegal activities such as stealing data, spreading spam and distributing malware. The Anti-Bot security software detects bot-infected machines, prevents bot damages by blocking bot C&C communications, and is continually updated from ThreatCloud, the first collaborative network to fight cybercrime.
Anti-Virus
The enhanced Antivirus Software Blade uses real-time virus signatures and anomaly-based protections from ThreatCloud, the first collaborative network to fight cybercrime, to detect and block malware at the gateway before users are affected.
Eligibility and Prerequisites
Conditions
The number of concurrent sessions is a factor for the pricing of the service. If the customer has or requires more concurrent sessions than is allowed for a single instance, than one or more additional instances are charged. This also implies that the required resources to sustain these sessions are provisioned in the virtual firewall of the Customer.
Maintenance & Licenses 
Cegeka is responsible for the proper operation of the service. This includes the number of licenses and maintenance.
Responsibility matrix

Monitoring & Reporting
A monthly report will be made available on de Horizon Portal
Order & billing information
Part numbers
O.0390_0010_0020_A_S.000 Firewall - Firewall - per dedicated rule base
O.0390_0010_0021_A_S.000 Firewall - Additional feature - Application control
O.0390_0010_0022_A_S.000 Firewall - Additional feature - URL filtering
O.0390_0010_0023_A_S.000 Firewall - Additional feature - Anti-bot
O.0390_0010_0024_A_S.000 Firewall - Additional feature - Anti-virus




Measurement
A report is generated on a monthly basis, this report is based on the CMDB and lists all FireWalls and will be made available on the Horizon Portal.