


Style Guide
This document is a template that can be used to create a service catalogue for a customer. This customer may be a new customer or an existing customer undergoing contract renewal. The template includes all services in the English language. To create a service catalogue from this template, proceed as follows: 
Save this document as a new document and name it according the naming convention in the contract set. 
Remove all services from the document that are not applicable. 
Verify if all remaining services contain optional components. These optional components may or may not be delivered. If they are not delivered, they can be removed. If they are delivered, they are not considered options but are simply part of the services.
Replace the text <klant> with the name of the customer 
…
Remove all comments from this document. 
Accept all changes and stop Track changes.  
Renew the contents. 
Remove this chapter and save your document. 
After these steps you can make changes as necessary and review the service catalogue. 




Service description structure
Reading guide Service description
Each Service description in this schedule contains the same paragraphs presenting a uniform template. In this chapter each standard paragraph is explained.
Standard services
This section describes the Services that are to be delivered to <klant>. The Services include any services, activities and tasks that are of a nature and type that would ordinarily be performed as an inherent subtask by an entity (internal or external) performing Services similar to the Services and/or that are generally considered to be part of the Services.
Optional services
This section describes the Services that can be optionally added to the Service delivered to <klant>.
Out of scope
This section describes the explicitly defined out of scope services related to the Service.
Conditions
This section describes the conditions that must be met in order for Cegeka to provide the Service.
Responsibilities
The RACI of a Service is included in this document. The following definitions are used:
R = Responsible: Party responsible for performing the activity and/or achieve the task. One party is Responsible, although other Parties can be delegated to assist in the actual work if required. An Accountable must sign off (approve) on work that Responsible provides. Responsible is by default proactive.
A = Accountable: Party ultimately accountable for the correct and thorough completion of the task and/or activity as performed by Responsible. For each task and/or activity exactly one Accountable must be specified. Accountable has the mandate to accept/dismiss on work provided by Responsible. Accountable is by default reactive.
C = Consulted: Party to be consulted (whose opinions are sought in two-way communication) when performing tasks and/or activities. Consulted may also provide requirements on scope, result expectations, etc. Consulted is by default reactive.
I = Informed: Party to be informed / kept up-to-date on tasks and/or activities (just one-way communication). Informed often only on completion of the task and/or activity. Informed implies no formal role in realization and therefore by default reactive.
Integrated Cross-functional Services
Governance
Service management
The objective of the service management process is to enable and support effective communication between Cegeka and <klant> regarding the provided services, helping to ensure the alignment between the expectations of <klant> and the service delivery of Cegeka. 
Cegeka aims to provide optimal support of <klant>’s IT processes, by implementing service management.
 A service delivery manager is appointed for <klant>. During the service intake process of <klant>, the service delivery manager customizes the Cegeka generic IT service delivery processes and documents this in the service delivery plan. The processes are based on ITIL. The service delivery plan is reviewed at least annually and is updated whenever changes are made to the service. This service delivery plan will be created during the setup service organization stream of the transition. Cegeka manages and guards the agreed service levels.
The service delivery manager consolidates the metrics, defined in the SLA, in the service status report and reports if the agreed-upon service level targets were met or not. The service status report is used to discuss the results with <klant> during the service review meeting.
To meet the objectives of the Service Management process, the Service Delivery Manager operates on all 3 layers within the governance model.
On an operational level this includes the following activities and responsibilities:
Coordinate larger (multi-team) changes and smaller projects;
Coordinate P1 and P2 incidents, including communication and (RCA) reporting;
Perform the Incident Manager role;
Perform the Problem Manager role;
Functional management of the various Cegeka teams and engineers (daily operational meetings)
Have operational meetings with various suppliers and 3rd parties 

On a tactical level this includes the following activities and responsibilities:
Create, prepare and discuss the monthly performance review;
Steer follow-up actions from the performance review;
Check and approve timewriting of engineers as part of the invoice preparation;
Create and discuss the monthly invoice;

On a strategic level this includes the following activities and responsibilities
Steer continuous improvement; 
Identify and realize cost savings
Identify and discuss new services
Service Part number(s)
0.0010_0010_0010_M_TM.000 Service Manager
Architecture management
Lead Architect
The Cegeka Lead Architect is responsible for the architectural design, control and optimization of the contractual services.
This is reflected in his accountability for the availability and quality of the technical plans, e.g. monitoring, availability, back-up and disaster recovery plans. He/she will furthermore support the Service Delivery Manager and Account Manager in creating improvement proposals from a technological perspective based upon the business needs of the customer. He will support the Pre-Sales and Account Manager in designing the solution and calculating the cost when proposing new services to Customer. The Lead Architect:
Is the owner and point of contact regarding infrastructure architecture;
Develops and maintains the infrastructure roadmap;
Participates in all relevant governance bodies of the customer;
Is responsible for the development of infrastructure policies, standards and guidelines that direct the selection, development, implementation and use of infrastructure within the enterprise;
Communicates all infrastructure architecture decisions, plans, goals, strategies and risks;
Functionally describes the Infrastructure Architecture managed by Cegeka of customer in the solution architecture document according to customer standards;
Focuses continuously on identifying opportunities to optimize and improve the infrastructure of customer to increase performance and/or reduce costs;
Defines the necessary business cases & translate business needs from the Customer into high-performance and coherent ICT solutions;
Delivers high level capacity & performance forecast coming 18 months;
Is accountable for the Customer Landscape Documentation (HLD, SPOF’s, …).

Service Part number(s)
0.0010_0040_0010_M_TM.000 Lead Architect

The Cegeka Technical Architect is responsible for the technical architecture, operations and optimization of the contractual services. This is reflected in e.g. preparing a monitoring, availability, back-up and disaster recovery plan. Configuration Management is also operated by the Technical Architect. He/she will furthermore support the Service Delivery Manager and Account Manager in creating proposals from a technological perspective. He will support the Pre-Sales and Account Manager in calculating the cost when proposing new services to Customer but will also provide cost estimates and impact analyses for RFC’s. The Technical Architect:
Is responsible for the IT infrastructure landscape drawings;
Determines the Infrastructure or application to meet the Service Levels of Customer;
Is responsible for the correctness and completeness of the CMDB and license compliancy;
Is responsible for lifecycle management and signalling related risks;
Is responsible for vulnerability compliance and signalling related risks;
Forecasting capacity needs for coming 18 months;
Supports planned migrations and upgrades;
Design the various technical plans (monitoring, backup, patching, disaster recovery & security plans);
Proposes optimisations for running solutions at Customer, in close cooperation with the Service Delivery Manager;
Validates the technical feasibility, from an infrastructure architecture perspective, of projects and major changes;
Creates technical designs for Projects & Complex RFC’s;
Collaborates with engineers for the impact analyses of Changes (Complex RFC’s) and assists in proposal phases of the RFC’s (costs);
Supports system engineers in questions and multi-disciplinary Changes.
Service Part number(s)
0.0010_0040_0020_M_TM.000 Technical Architect
Incident management
The primary goal of the incident management process is to restore normal service operation as quickly as possible when incidents occur and minimize the adverse impact on <klant>’s IT and/or business operations, thus ensuring that the agreed levels of service quality and availability are maintained.
'Normal service operation' is defined here as service operation as defined in the Service Levels. Cegeka’s Incident Management responsibilities span the services delivered by Cegeka and include:
Create (security) incident records in the service management tool according to pre-agreed (security) incident classifications between Cegeka and <klant>. Incident classifications will be defined in the Service Delivery Plan (SDP);
Categorizing, documenting and communicating to <klant> the relative importance of each incident according to the severity levels described in the Incident management classification matrix;
Tracking and managing all incidents in the <klant> infrastructure assigned to Cegeka;
Maintaining regular communications (as agreed in the operational documentation) of the status of an incident between all parties and <klant> Authorized Users until the incident is resolved;
Providing prompt notification to <klant> of Service outages related to managed systems
Providing <klant> with regular and timely progress updates that clearly indicate the nature of the applicable incident, the estimated time to completion, and potential short-term alternatives agreed to by <klant> and Cegeka;
Resolving those incidents arising from or related to the Services;
Meeting specified Service Levels;
Providing reports to <klant> regarding incidents as relevant;
In case of a major incident: provide <klant> with a service improvement report;
Communicating the status of Severity Level 1 incidents (and ad-hoc for Severity Level 2 incidents) on a timely basis appropriate to the impact of the incident to <klant> and agreed to by <klant> and Cegeka in accordance with the operational documentation;
If Cegeka believes an incident cannot be resolved, Cegeka will communicate to <klant> the nature of the incident, the reason why Cegeka believes it cannot be Resolved and the efforts employed by Cegeka to try to resolve the incident to the appropriate level within <klant> as agreed to by <klant> and Cegeka;
Performing proactive, where possible and based on monitoring, and reactive troubleshooting to identify and resolve incidents;
Employing procedures for proactive monitoring, logging, tracking, escalation, review, and reporting (historical and predictive) for appropriate incidents in accordance with the operational documentation;
Correlation for all incidents identifying and document preventive measures and making recommendations to fix root causes. Perform root cause analysis as part of problem management;
Regularly updating the incident management tracking system (including the knowledge database) in accordance with agreed to procedures by both Parties and in accordance with Cegeka’s good Industry practice as they are developed.
Service Part number(s)
0.0010_0010_0040_M_TM.000 Incident Manager
0.0010_0010_0010_M_TM.000 Service Manager (Act in smaller teams also as Incident Manager)
Request management
Cegeka is responsible for tracking, managing, processing and fulfilling <klant> appropriately approved requests in accordance with the operational documentation. These requests are standard and non-standard requests for provided new, contracted Services and/or managed infrastructure. 
A request will always be raised with priority P4.
Cegeka’s request management responsibilities include:
Tracking, managing, processing and fulfilling requests in accordance with the operational documentation;
Entering all requests into the Cegeka request tracking system;
Performing an analysis of the request requirements. Cegeka personnel will, if required, contact <klant>;
Requestor to ensure proper understanding/clarification of the request;
Providing the requested information;
Fulfilling the approved request.
Service Part number(s)
0.0010_0010_0020_M_TM.000 Change Manager
0.0010_0010_0010_M_TM.000 Service Manager (Acts in smaller teams also as Change Manager)
Problem management
The problem Management process is responsible for managing the lifecycle of all problems related to the Services. The primary objectives of Problem Management are to avoid incidents from happening, to eliminate recurring incidents and to minimize the impact of those incidents that cannot be prevented.
Cegeka Problem Management responsibilities include:
Resolving Problems related to the Services according to defined Service levels;
Logging and investigation of Problems reported by <klant> authorized users, Cegeka incident managers or in case of recurring incidents and severity 1 and ad-hoc for severity 2 incidents;
Maintaining clear accountability within Cegeka and to <klant> for problem management and resolution;
Monitoring, controlling and managing each problem arising from or relating to the Services until it is resolved, and confirmed with the authorized user in accordance with the operational documentation;
Maintaining regular communication (as agreed in the operational documentation) of the status of problems between all parties and authorized users until the problem is resolved;
Performing for each logged P1 problem a root cause analysis, identifying and documenting preventive measures and making recommendations to fix root causes. Root cause analysis reports (to be presented to <klant>) will include a description of the failure, root cause analysis performed, proposed actions (with timing and the Party responsible to implement such actions) to eliminate or reduce the likelihood of a recurrence of the failure, and confirmation that proposed actions addressed the Problem. Execution of problem fixing will be handled through Change Management policies;
Implementing corrective measures or workaround actions to avoid unnecessary reoccurrence of incidents and problems.

Service Part number(s)
0.0010_0010_0030_M_TM.000 Problem Manager
0.0010_0010_0010_M_TM.000 Service Manager (Act in smaller teams also as Problem Manager) 
Change management
Change Management is the process responsible for managing lifecycle of all Changes. The primary objective of Change Management is to standardize the process of introducing and executing changes to the managed infrastructure. These changes may arise reactively in response to problems or externally imposed requirements (e.g. legislative changes), or proactively from seeking improved efficiency and effectiveness or to enable or reflect business, programs, projects or service improvement initiatives.
Cegeka will use its Change Management Tracking system to track changes relating to the scope of this contract. Standard Changes are defined as standard, non-complex changes in the datacenter or managed infrastructure in scope, with pre-defined impact assessments and price, executed according to pre-defined procedures. Moreover, Standard Changes must have the following attributes:
The tasks relate directly to one or several configuration items already managed under the contract by Cegeka or : the execution of the “install” task(s) will provide <klant> with similar configuration items (e.g. creation of a virtual Linux server with storage, or creation of a hypervisor system);
No scoping or project management by Cegeka is required for the execution of the tasks since the execution is related to standardized configuration items known to <klant> and Cegeka;
Pre-approved and not require handling by the CAB.
Changes that are handled through the Change Management process are characterized by any of following:
The tasks to carry out are defined in the Standard Change catalogue as an activity; or
The change consists of several different Standard Changes to carry out simultaneously or consecutively for which coordination by Cegeka is required in order to realize successfully;
The tasks to carry out need further technical investigation in order to prepare the planning and execution successfully.
The tasks to carry out are complex because of interdependencies and need close co-operation with <klant> in order to be implemented (e.g. in case of Managed infrastructure adaptations in an application release weekend).
The change management process does not handle <klant>’s requests (a.k.a. nonstandard service requests) for new Services/Products/Solutions that have been categorized as Cegeka Projects by <klant>. These will follow the project management agreement.
Service Part number(s)
0.0010_0010_0020_M_TM.000 Change Manager
0.0010_0010_0010_M_TM.000 Service Manager (Act in smaller teams also as Change Manager) 

Configuration management
The configuration management process is responsible for creating and maintaining a library of information and documentation for any existing, new, enhanced or modified configuration item of the IT Infrastructure within scope of the Services. Configuration management is a joined effort of Cegeka and <klant>. Each party needs to supply up-to-date, correct and complete information to be able to create and maintain the configuration management system (CMS). 
Cegeka will use its configuration management system to track configuration items (CI’s) relating to the scope of this contract. 
The following table shows if CI types are in the CMDB of <klant> or at Cegeka. Each company is responsible for keeping its respective CI’s accurate and up-to-date. CI types that are in multiple CMDB’s are managed by both <klant> and Cegeka in their own CMDB tool.

<klant> will not have real-time insight in the Cegeka CMDB. A report containing an export of the content of the CMDB can be delivered. This is an automated process.
Cegeka’s configuration management responsibilities include:
Maintaining the configuration structures for all of the Configuration Item (Cis) for the Services in scope, which will include at a minimum the ownership, relation to other CI’s, CI unique name, CI location, CI category (e.g. network switch, hardware server, virtual server, application software) CI hardware/software version, IP addresses if applicable, associated middleware and application. The configuration management process by Cegeka will allow for clear identification of software CI’s on hardware CI’s in order to create a comprehensive Infrastructure landscape of <klant>;
Ensuring that CI’s may only be added, changed or removed in accordance with the change management policies;
Verifying, on a periodic basis, the reliability of the CI data stored. The verification may include the use of auto-discovery tools that will provide automated updates to the stored CI information;
Maintaining the CI information in the CMS and providing extracts of the CMS, if required, to <klant> on a regular basis, as agreed in the operational documentation;
Reporting on the CI’s and detecting anomalies;
The CMS that is used by Cegeka is suitable for integrated Incident, problem and change management processes. Additional information is stored per CI to support the DR/BC process.

Service Part number(s)
0.0010_0040_0020_M_TM.000 Technical Architect
Availability management
The goal of Availability Management is to optimize availability of the managed infrastructure including the IT Infrastructure, services and supporting organization, to deliver a cost effective and sustained level of availability that enables the business to satisfy its business objectives.
Cegeka’s Availability Management process is embedded via the same monitoring process as the one for Capacity Management.
Cegeka ensures to have ample resources available for the future by using monitoring tools to detect trends (what we know) and capture required growth from <klant> orders and quotations and our own growth predictions, etc. (what we expect). This service applies to all the Shared Platform functionality, including storage performance and capacity, virtual computing, networking and also environmental like power, cooling, protective measures, data room space, etc.
The lead architect is responsible for defining the monitoring plan. Infrastructure availability reports will be attached to the service review report.
Service Part number(s)
0.0010_0010_0010_M_TM.000 Service Manager
Capacity management
Capacity management is part of Cegeka’s continuous service delivery and shall ensure that IT resources are sized right to meet current and future business requirements in a cost-effective manner. It covers multiple aspects from capacity analysis to capacity planning.
Capacity analysis is concerned with: 
Monitoring the performance and throughput or load on a (virtual) server, server farm, storage, network or other infrastructure component;
Performance analysis of measurement data, including analysis of the impact of new projects or releases on capacity;
Performance tuning of activities to ensure the most efficient use of existing infrastructure;
Capacity planning is understanding the demands on the Services and future plans for workload growth or shrinkage, including planning and acting upon.
Component capacity management
Component capacity management is embedded in Cegeka’s monitoring process. The Cegeka monitoring process provides various options for automated monitoring and alerting. If there are spikes in, for example, processing power at a particular time of the day, it shall analyse what is happening at that time and make Changes to maximize the existing IT infrastructure, for example, move a batch cycle to a quieter period. 
It is implemented as follows: processing which deviates above installed thresholds, will generate an alert, which is handled via the incident management process. Recurring alerts will be handled through the problem management process for the alert analysis and for the solution, which is implemented via the Change management. This component capacity management is imbedded in the daily operational processes for <klant>.
The monitoring team implements the monitoring and alerting scheme. Alerts generate an incident, which is handled through the Incident Management process. Monitoring data is accessible and available for review (performance management). The monitoring data is retained for at least one year.
During service delivery, the technical architect keeps the monitoring plan up-to-date and the service delivery manager reviews the monitoring plan at least once a year. Specific thresholds, work instructions and process interfaces will be agreed and elaborated on during Transition.
Resource consumption is measured on infrastructure level and part of the monthly service reporting. Following capacity documents are available: 
CPU usage;
Memory usage;
Disk capacity;
Database capacity.
Capacity trending
Another aspect of capacity management is capacity trending. As the usage of the IT infrastructure and Services Change and functionality evolves, resource usage can Change and lead to capacity shortage if not managed. Capacity trending is based on historical data, enriched with impact from known Change (known to Cegeka) and extrapolated to the near future. 
For <klant>, capacity trending shall be analysed and formally reported by Cegeka. 

The capacity reports will be used by Cegeka for pro-active maintenance purposes. The pro-active maintenance process is part of the problem management process. The Cegeka technical architect will analyse the capacity management reports in combination with monitoring trend reports.
Detailed problem analysis will be performed by the Cegeka engineering team and with following deliverables as output: 
Proposal for capacity adjustments via change management.
Monitoring improvements.
Proposal for improvements (upgrades).
Capacity planning
The demand governance of the architecture board will capture, analyse and consolidate upcoming Changes, and will trigger high-level capacity plans in an early stage. This, on top of the capacity trending in place, will give a proactive, upfront, consolidated plan for adding capacity in anticipation of an increase in demand.
Service Part number(s)
0.0010_0040_0010_M_TM.000 Lead Architect
0.0010_0040_0020_M_TM.000 Technical Architect
Responsibilities


Continuity management 
Cegeka’s Lead Architect is at the centre of the process, assisted by the Service Delivery Manager, Account Manager, Security Expert and Technical Architect(s) and gathering input from both <klant> and Cegeka’s architects. 
Their activities are based on two building blocks:
Continuous improvement and innovation
Safeguarding the actual quality of the services 
An innovation meeting is organized, and execution and follow-up of this workshop is part of our ISAE 3000 SOC 2 audit.
Continuous improvement and innovation
Continuous innovation always follows the same standard process approach, regardless of the level of focus (technical, process or governance):

Phase 1:	Establish baseline – the baseline relies upon the corner stones of operations – architecture, service performance and cost – which are kept up to date as part of the daily operations. 
Phase 2: Identify opportunities – opportunities are detected throughout operations. While almost anyone in the service organisation and <klant>’s organisation can identify opportunities, it is the responsibility of our Lead Architect to keep track and prioritise them. During half-yearly workshops prepared by the Lead Architect, the topics are prepared with a clear vision in mind (see “Continuous innovation workshop”). 
Phase 3: Develop capture strategy – based on the list of identified and agreed opportunities a strategy is developed to ensure how the opportunities can be “captured” and integrated in the organisation’s planning via an implementation roadmap. Smaller opportunities with a short-term return can already be initiated as an RFC via the existing change management process. 
Phase 4: Realise benefits – the roadmap provides the plan for implementation and must contain the business case on which the priority decisions have been made. Phase 4 contains the actual implementation of the opportunity at whatever level it may be – technical, procedure/process level, governance – and looks back at the initial business case(s) to ensure the benefits are realised.  
Safeguarding the actual quality of the services the continuous improvement methodology is applied to a number of architecture deliverables, which have interfaces with one another and provide input to the continuous improvement roadmap. An example of the deliverables plotted over time, is given below:

Deliverables that are continuously maintained:
Security Plan
Backup Plan
Disaster Recovery Plan
Monitoring Plan
Patch Plan
Innovation meeting
Enterprise Architecture Document
Solution Architecture Document
Technology Architecture Principles
Lifecycle Management Plan
The implementation of these deliverables and the yearly update is part of our ISAE 3000 SOC2 audit.
Innovation meeting
The continuous innovation workshops are key in our process. About one month before the actual workshop, Cegeka will start preparing it with a core team of Service Delivery Manager, Account Manager and Technical Architects coordinated by Cegeka’s Lead Architect. To ensure consistency and synergy Cegeka’s process owner of continuous innovation as well as the Lead Architects’ manager are involved. 
This core team puts together a draft agenda using a subset of <klant>’s business drivers acting as central theme and a high-level roadmap showing both ongoing initiatives and new opportunities. The existing and continuously managed architecture overview is referenced wherever needed. The draft agenda is also discussed with <klant> prior to the meeting to ensure expectations are aligned. 
For each continuous innovation topic, a proposal is prepared containing:
The current situation;
The proposal itself;
The pros and cons of the proposal; 
The financial aspects: implementation cost, recurring cost & impact on TCO and monthly invoice;
KPI’s allowing to demonstrate the actual realisation of the expected benefits.
These proposals are presented and discussed during the workshop itself to reach a consensus on how to proceed (or not) with the proposed initiatives. The outcome can range from approval over further discussion or in-depth workshops to postponement or cancellation. 
As part of the workshop, Cegeka’s solution portfolio and its implementation roadmap is presented in support of the proposed opportunities and to share our vision on the near future. 

Service desk
Introduction
The primary focus of the service desk is to provide customer end-user with a single point of contact for incidents, general questions, information requests, change requests or complaints concerning the infrastructure or applications of customer. 
Cegeka will set up a service desk that shall be responsible in providing the following services related to customer in accordance with the agreed Service Levels:
A Single Point of Contact for customer end-user for incidents, general questions, information requests, change requests or complaints concerning the infrastructure or applications of customer;
Cegeka provides a skilled service desk that is not just responsible for call catch & dispatch but also for resolving tickets and for contributing to the knowledge database; 

Cegeka will also ensure that the quality is guaranteed by clear processes, swift communication flows, well determined ownership, performance indicators related to availability, timeliness and first time right to customer. 
Service description
Standard services
 
The Cegeka service desk shall act as Single Point of Contact (SPOC) for customer and shall be responsible for:
Receiving, registering, prioritizing, categorizing, logging and closing of calls/tickets in Cegeka ITSM tool;
Giving the user a ticket number and an immediate solution (this can be a work around) or relevant answer if possible;
Identification of the cause of an incident as far as possible;
Dispatching, assignation, escalation of requests or incidents (or other call types) to the appropriate resolver group;
Informing users about the status of a ticket;
Registration of solutions for incidents;
Outside business hours, agreed customer authorized roles can contact the Cegeka service desk to report Priority 1 incidents (by phone mandatory);
Tickets are assigned to a specific resolver group by Cegeka service desk. These resolver groups can be Cegeka, customer or third party resolver groups; 
Cegeka will provide the authorized roles with the instructions and manuals concerning the processes, the tools and the environment itself to obtain a good understanding of the complete chain of incident/request/standard change management;
Cegeka service desk uses a knowledge management tool, to document first line procedures, work instructions, knowledge, workarounds, contact persons, and is essential to improve service desk resolution rate (and the speed to resolve an incident). It is also used to train service desk agents. The content is continuously updated based on daily experiences and follows an approval process before Changes are

published to all service desk agents. The Incident Manager is accountable for the information in the Cegeka knowledge management system;

Optional services
VIP support – supporting a limited amount of named customer VIPS with priority and due care.
Third party liaison function for tickets raised at 
SPOC-function for tickets initiated by third parties, including incidents, requests and problem tickets

Out of scope
N/A

Conditions
The Customer will provide a list of authorized users, who will be allowed to contact the service desk during a specific time window. 
The Customer will provide Cegeka with a list of authorized partners and authorized requests per service window.
Requests (standard changes, non-standard changes, information requests…) will only be registered if they are filed through the appropriate channel by an authorized user of a service.
Part number
0.0020_0010_0010_M_S.000  Service Desk  - VIP Ticket
0.0020_0010_0020_A_S.000 Service Desk  - Standard Ticket Dutch
0.0020_0010_0030_A_S.000 Service Desk  - Standard Ticket English
Self Service function
Introduction
The self-service function delivers an integrated request and order portal platform to Customer end users. It can help organizations end users to have direct access to common IT services and components. It provides end-users a function to obtain self-help independently and is constant available to the end-user. It increases the autonomy of the end user and improves the user experience and satisfaction.
It helps organisations to increase end-user productivity, reduce costs, improve resolution times, and meet compliance standards. This is achieved by a high level of automated request fulfilment available through the self service function.
The self-service function is a website (portal) for ordering predefined services and for handling standard changes using workflow automation and authorization flows. The portal is part of the Cegeka service desk ticketing tool. Every request through the service function is also logged as a ticket in the service desk ticketing tool for tracking purposes.

If a request can be handled automatically, the ticket will automatically be resolved. If the request cannot be handled automatically, the ticket will be transferred to the appropriate resolver group.
The self-service portal can be used to:
Order IT products and services based on an integrated approval workflow
Open, consult, change and close requests
Log incidents

Service description
Standard features
The portal consists of a dedicated frontend and a shared backend environment. The backend is composed of an orchestrator (platform and licenses) and all support activities to maintain the solution. 
Within the self-service portal there are two types of tickets.  Those that are totally automated and those that need a manual intervention.  All types of requests will create a ticket in the service desk tool for follow-up by assigned resolver groups.
Automation of requests depend on the integration level with the Customer’s network and Cegeka’s automation layer. 
The following standard self-service items are available for Customer:


Optional services
Customer specific service catalogue items (for e.g. requests for facility, HR items)
Service catalogue integration of 3rd party service items and fulfilment
Integration of the Cegeka service catalogue items into a central service catalogue portal
Development can be offered to custom workflows which automate specific Customer’s requests.  

Conditions
The Customer will provide a list of authorized users, who will be allowed to utilize the self-service portal. 
The Customer will provide Cegeka with a list of user who are allowed to approve requests and with the desired approval flow.

Part number
0.0030_0010_0010_A_S.000 Self help portal fully automated Ticket (tooling cost)
0.0030_0010_0020_A_S.000 Self help portal manual intervention Ticket
0.0030_0010_0030_M_S.000 Self Service Portal (Base Fee)
0.0030_0010_0040_M_E.000 Self Service portal User licenses
On-site Support
As part of Cegeka’s workplace offering, we offer IMACD and Break & Fix onsite services on a global scale. Below a description of these services can be found. 
IMACD 
IMACD’ stands for Installs, Moves, Adds, Changes and Disposal – the five primary needs of IT  infrastructure. 
With more and more companies gearing up to meet the fast-paced challenges of the business world, the need for IMACD services is growing. The Cegeka IMACD services offer long and short-term IMACD solutions for a wide range of organizational needs. 
Our services complement our workplace outsourcing services by providing skilled professionals, with extensive knowledge, unique skill sets and the ability to handle peak workloads; thus allowing Customers to concentrate on core business areas. We offer immediate access to our trained staff and the tools to support both your non-routine and unique needs, to ensure business continuity. 

We handle IMACD activity of any size or scope and provide IMACD services in and out of normal working hours, to give your business the most flexibility. 
The following list provides you a list of IMACD activities:

Break & Fix
The Cegeka Break & Fix services (onsite service) are available in two standard flavours: basic and premium.
Cegeka basic onsite services will establish the necessary service management structures with local staff to be able to act according to agreed SLAs in case of hardware failure. In this case hardware for spare parts is owned by the Customer’s organization and the availability on site is also ensured by the Customer. To assist in this preparation, Cegeka of course is able to plan and organize all necessary tasks together with the Customer to prepare the environment for SLA-based onsite operation (optional).

Cegeka premium onsite services will establish the necessary service management structures with local staff including the necessary spare part handling to be able to act according to agreed SLAs. In this case hardware for spare parts is owned by the Customer’s organization but the local availability as well as care pack repair in case of defects and refill of spare stocks, tracking & reporting is managed by Cegeka as part of the service.
The standard SLA is ‘end of next business day’ and will ensure that incidents are fixed by the end of the next local business day at the latest.
It is possible to agree on specific SLAs, spare policies and local tasks as part of Cegeka’s individual onsite service.
Security Operations Centre	
Introduction
The Security Operations and Analytics Services consist of Security Operations Center (SOC) services and a Security Operations and Analytics Platform (SOAP).  The SOAP is provided from the European Cegeka datacenters and offer real time security analytics and alerting.

The SOC services provide expert security knowledge, security experience and security tooling to develop, document and execute policies, processes and procedures about security on dedicated platforms, which are deployed inside <klant>’s environment.  
Security Operations Center services
The SOC services are delivered by the Cegeka SOC and include the operational day-to-day activities needed to detect and respond to security incidents. The aim of the SOC is to:
Detect and respond to threats;
Increase resilience by learning about the changing threat landscape;
Identify and address security policy breaches or deviations from security best practices;
Deliver input for risk management;
Visualize security indicators.
Security incident management
Cegeka monitors the alarms generated by the SOAP and uses this platform for “hunting” undiscovered alerts. Next to security incident discovery, the aim of hunting is to detect new opportunities for the production or modification of scenarios. 
The output of the SOAP includes system outputs, trend analysis, anomalies and Cegeka threat intelligence. After analysis, the output is declared as a security incident, classified as Priority 1, 2, 3 or 4 and communicated to the appropriate resolution group according to an agreed communication plan. Depending on the priority of the incident, this can be by email or phone or any other communication channel and will be based on (an) existing escalation process(es) as much as possible. Cegeka provides a recommended remediation, and assists the resolution team in charge with performing root cause and impact analysis and managing the status of the security incident ticket. The problem management process is used to investigate the lessons learned and propose additional measures. The change management process is used to implement the additional measures.
Service Part number(s)
0.0040_0020_0040_M_TM.000 Siem governance (monthly)
Security Operations and Analytics Platform
The SOAP gives Cegeka SOC the tool to quickly detect and respond to internal and external attacks. The platform simplifies threat management while minimizing risk and safeguarding <klant> business. The SOAP is built on the Cegeka Operational Intelligence Platform (SOIP).   Running from the Cegeka datacenters located in Hasselt (Belgium) and/or Geleen (Netherlands), it provides full end-to-end monitoring of the <klant> private- and public clouds.
The SOAP provides insight into machine data generated from security technologies such as network, endpoint, access, malware, vulnerability and identity information.   
Reporting and dashboards
The SOAP provides a library of security posture dashboards. This way Cegeka has a view on security events by location, host, source type, asset groupings and geography. KPIs provide trending and monitoring of your security posture.
The SOAP comes with predefined key indicators that identify key security metrics for the security domains in scope. Scheduled reports deliver key indicators by email.

Cegeka provides <klant> a secured webportal only accessible over the internal <klant> network showing:
Trending of notable events;
Top risk scores of systems and users;
Suspicious connections (inbound, outbound, port scans);
Failed access activity (e.g. department, error types);
Ongoing and past security incidents (e.g. priority, status, type);
Vulnerability scanning and compliance scan results;
Published scheduled reports.

Remarks:
All information is delivered in form of one or more reports.
Depending of the content, reports are refreshed maximum every 24 hours.

Cegeka provides <klant> below standard reports:
Number of systems in monitoring (e.g. % vs CMDB);
Sysmon report;
Active Directory activity report;
Security posture report;
Audit report related to the integrity of the data in the platform;
Access report;
Network report.

Remarks:
Additional reports can be created on request through the change process.

Service Part number(s)
O.0420_0010_0010_A_S.000 Siem SIEM subscription
O.0420_0010_0020_A_S.000 Siem SIEM data log consumption
O.0420_0010_0030_A_S.000 Siem Back-end systems in scope
O.0420_0010_0040_A_S.000 Siem Workstation systems in scope

Responsibilities

Security Expert
The security expert profile is used to ensure that the delivered Services are in line with the agreed Standards and as defined in the security agreement. As such, the security expert can be used for compliance, audit, privacy, security reporting, awareness and advisory activities on any security and compliance matter during the Term of the Agreement. 
The Security expert liaises between the <klant> security & compliance actors and the Cegeka core and technical teams. The security expert can:
Serve the Cegeka delivery teams to ensure that the Service implementations are compliant with the <klant> Standard;
Serve <klant> custom needs;
To ensure that all related risks of the Services in scope are detected, remediated and reported. This includes:
data leakage notification;
vulnerability notification;
security attack notification;
data integrity & quality issue notification;
security patch & updates notification;
security patch resolution. 
To ensure that security and compliance incidents, problems and changes are handled appropriately;
To provide regular updates about the status of the implemented preventive technical measures, threats and security and compliance incidents;
Serving both <klant> and Cegeka team as an advisor about specialized security and compliance topics;
Maintaining the security and compliance policy and embed this in Cegeka’s organization.

Service Part number(s)
0.0040_0010_0010_M_TM.000 Security Expert
Disaster Recovery testing
Introduction
Cegeka will perform one DR test every year of <klant> DR plan. This will be done in coordination with <klant>: yearly, the date and scope of the DR test will be defined and executed on the planned date or dates. The DR testing must be carried out with minimal impact on the availability of the production environment.
Service description
Standard services
The test will consist of:
Preparation:
Review the (in-scope) DR test scripts which are permanent available;
Meeting(s) with involved Cegeka and <klant> personnel to communicate the scope and to align on activities from both sides. During the meeting, parties will agree on the end state after the DR test (may be ‘back to original state’ or ‘failed over to other side’);
Preparation of the activities on both sides;
Execution of the DR test:
Execute the DR test on the planned date and time according to the DR runbook. Cegeka is in the lead of the DR test and will steer the involved people on activities to be executed;
During the test, evaluations will be made to check if RTO and RPO states are achieved as agreed;
At the end of the DR test, the environment must be in an agreed end state;
Evaluation:
Delivery of a disaster recovery test;
Evaluation of the execution of the DR test. Where needed, improvement actions will be defined and executed to assure a successful next DR test.
Scenario’s for Cegeka Virtual Infrastructure
For the DR testing of the Cegeka Virtual Infrastructure, there are several Disaster Recovery scenarios. Those scenarios are listed below. In order for a service to survive a disaster, it has to meet certain requirements:
The associated servers hosting the service must run on a tier 1 VM;
Required connectivity must be offered to both Cegeka’s datacenters;
RTO/RPO requirements that can’t be satisfied by using tier 1 VM’s must be fulfilled on the application level. Databases for example often have their own synchronization mechanism to provide an RPO of 0 (zero data loss).
1: Disaster at Cegeka, rendering the primary datacenter unusable:
Tier 3 virtual machines will be stopped;
Tier 1 virtual machines will be started in the secondary datacenter;
WAN connectivity between Cegeka and <klant> will survive, since both datacenters are redundantly connected to the WAN MPLS cloud;
Connectivity to third parties via Internet will survive, since both datacenters have physical internet uplinks;
Connectivity to third parties via leased lines will survive insofar those third parties are connected to both the primary and the secondary datacenter.
2: Disaster at Cegeka, rendering the secondary datacenter unusable:
Tier 3 virtual machines will be stopped;
All other services in scope will survive.
3: Disaster at Cegeka, rendering servers unusable at the primary datacenter:
This will be the same as scenario 1.
4: Disaster at Cegeka, rendering servers unusable at the secondary datacenter:
This will be the same as scenario 2.
5: Disaster at <klant>, rendering an office building unusable:
<klant> employees can work from home, they have full access as from the office;
All other services in scope will survive, insofar those services have been migrated to Cegeka’s datacenters.
In order to safeguard the survival of services, to test DR run books, and to find issues before a real disaster strikes, Cegeka and <klant> shall conduct a technical disaster recovery test once a year.  
Disaster recovery testing is part of the Business Continuity Services described in the document <klant> DR plan.

Optional services
This service does not provide any optional services.

Out of scope
N/A

Conditions
This Service does not require any explicit conditions to be met.

Part number
0.0010_0030_0010_M_TM.000 Disaster recovery test (yearly) per test

Monitoring
Introduction
In support of the service delivery processes, Cegeka monitors several aspects of the different components (availability, capacity, security, database backups) via its central monitoring platform, which is based on Zenoss. All monitoring information is accessible for our engineers and for selected <klant> personnel and is visualized via a central unified web interface. Per managed system there are service windows and maintenance windows defined (this information is centrally stored and updated in the Cegeka CMDB). A link between the Cegeka CMDB and the monitoring platform ensures that the monitoring platform is always working with the latest information. This also assures that the Service Levels are very clear for both the support teams and the service delivery manager.
Service description
Standard services
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
Monitoring of standard OS characteristics (e.g. availability, performance, security and configuration).
Monitoring of technical applications (e.g. Active Directory) through Zen packs, as defined at http://wiki.zenoss.org/ZenPack_Catalog.
Monitoring of application services, as defined by <klant>.
URL checks, as defined by <klant>.
Optional services
Setup of Cegeka’s central monitoring portal for <klant>.
<klant> Care Portal is accessible over the internet via the secured URL: https://ccp.cegeka.be. A username and password for logging in to the portal and providing access to the monitoring info of all assets of <klant> will be provided.
Out of scope
N/A
Conditions
This Service does not require any explicit conditions to be met. 
Responsibilities

Service Part number(s)
0.0050_0010_0010_A_S.000 Monitoring portal
ISAE reporting
Cegeka has built a control framework based upon its Quality Management System (QMS) and its Information Security Management System (ISMS). On a yearly basis, an independent service auditor examines Cegeka’s control framework, which is also applicable to <klant>, and expresses an opinion on the suitability of the design and the operating effectiveness of the controls to achieve Cegeka’s control objectives. The audit and the report are completed in accordance with ISAE 3000.
Such a report is typically an auditor-to-auditor report:


With regards to information security, Cegeka has extended his Quality Management System, Information Security Management System and control framework with best practices from ISO 27002. The audit of this extended control framework resulted in an ISAE 3000 report, also called an 'ISO 27002 in control statement'.
Service description
Using this service Cegeka provides <klant> with assurance about the implementation and operational effectiveness of these controls through an ISAE 3000 SOC 2 type II report provided by an independent auditor. 
Cegeka includes below described processes in the ISAE 3000 SOC 2 report of the audited period, starting November 1st until October 31st of every year, taking into account at least 6 months valid data.
If Transition planning does not allow an audit on 6 months of valid data that is required to deliver a valid ISAE report, the cost of the Cegeka ISAE 3000 SOC 2 report will be charged to <klant>. 
The full scope of the report covers following processes:

Service Part number(s)
0.0060_0010_0010_M_S.000 ISAE reporting
Software Asset Management
Introduction
The license management Service encompasses the inventory, reporting and management of the in-scope software titles, both in use at Cegeka, <klant> locations or other agreed third parties.
The Service provides XXXXX with assistance during software audit cycles of software vendors and provides an inventory of the software in use (this service is mandatory for all systems that use the SPLA and / or CSP licenses supplied by Cegeka).
Service description
Standard services
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
Delivery of 9 standard reports:
All servers;
All managed devices;
All applications, which are included in the database of the software asset management tool. Software asset management for SaaS applications is only possible when a browser is used that is supported by the software asset management tool;
Applications per server;
Applications per device;
Unused applications per server;
CMDB control report;
Operating systems;
Devices without antivirus software installed;
Installed software reports.
Detection of new licenses (Software Assets) within 30 days after installation or new releases;
Reporting will be done on a quarterly base included in the overall Service reporting;

Optional services
Providing advice towards <klant>, without any responsibility of Cegeka towards the legal audit, regarding safeguarding license compliancy including:
Actual licenses to the existing contract positions;
Optimizing the use of each IT asset.
Out of scope
N/A
Conditions
To be able to inventory servers, an agent needs to be installed. This agent needs to be able to connect to the internet at least one time per 30 days to protect against data loss. 
The agent on the asset needs to have https connection towards itam.cegeka.be;
To be able to inventory a device or server, the asset needs to have a unique Cegeka CI number and therefore listed in the Cegeka CMDB;
Cegeka cannot be held responsible for the contents and the quality of the software recognition patterns, delivered by the tool. This Service only lists software assets, which are defined in the software pattern definitions of the tool;
Oracle license models are supported, but the results of the scan have no license / legal value for Oracle;
IBM license models are supported, but the results of the scan have no license / legal value for IBM;
Cegeka cannot be held responsible for claims coming out of license audits from the software vendors;
Service meetings are included in the already foreseen tactical governance meetings.
Microsoft SPLA licenses
Cegeka can provide Microsoft licensing to <klant>, based on SPLA. This model is a pay per use on a monthly basis model (Server OS licences (Windows or RHEL) are standard offered for the systems on the infrastructure service Compute IaaS). 
Where possible according to Microsoft license policies, Cegeka can provide SPLA licenses to <klant>. A formal order form has to be signed to order or remove certain licenses. 
SPLA licenses are calculated on a monthly basis. Cegeka reports and pays the number of agreed SPLA licenses towards Microsoft and invoices <klant> for these licenses. Licenses can be adjusted monthly with a 7 days prior notification (formal order or change of the order).
License compliancy is always a responsibility of <klant>. Using SPLA licenses via Cegeka does not give license compliancy guarantees for <klant> at any moment in time. It can be a part of the complete Microsoft licensing package, which <klant> has for compliancy. The Cegeka invoices may serve as compliance proof towards Microsoft but only for the SPLA licenses.
The following conditions apply:
In order to be able to use SPLA licenses, Cegeka must meet the Microsoft requirements. This means that servers with SPLA licenses need to be managed by Cegeka;
In case that software media is needed to install the correct product versions, Cegeka will inform <klant> and will acquire the needed media. Involved costs will be invoiced to <klant>;
Cegeka always has to comply with the Services Provider Use Rights (SPUR). The SPUR specifies use rights and conditions that apply to <klant>'s use of the products licensed under the SPLA. A customized SPUR document can be provided, but the last SPUR is always binding. These Services Provider Use Rights generally cover the most recent version of products that are available worldwide. For license terms for products that no longer appear in this edition of the Microsoft Services Provider Use Rights, a previous edition will need to be reviewed.
Responsibilities

Service Part number(s)
0.0070_0010_0010_A_S.000 Usage of the SAM platform per agent 
0.0070_0010_0020_A_E.000 License cost per customer (per license)

Infrastructure Management
OS Management - Windows
Introduction
The Windows OS management service includes the technical management of a Windows server – physical or virtual. 
Service description
Standard services
Operating system management
This Service includes technical management of the OS of a server. Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
Assuring availability of the Windows server OS;
Routine audits of the Windows server OS;
Analysis of system logs, identification and proactive resolving of potential issues;
Documentation of system configurations;
Performance tuning of the Windows server OS.
Active management of files and disk space.
Windows Software & patch management
Patches in scope 
The patches in scope for this service are related to the Windows server operating system. The following categorization is applied:
Critical updates
Security updates
Cegeka installs all patches related to ‘critical updates’ and ‘security updates’, in agreement with <klant>. All other patches are out of scope. 
Cegeka implements interim patches issued via security alerts through Cegeka’s emergency change process; these may be “urgent critical” patches or patches related to an ongoing incident.
Patch frequency
The managed Windows OS service ensures that a managed server is updated to the most recent patches every month. This frequency may be different depending on specific separate agreements, this can be provided as an option in this service.
Service packs
In accordance with the Microsoft Product Support Lifecycle, the policy concerning service packs is the following:
When a new service pack is released, Cegeka will provide 12 months support on the previous service pack.
When a new service pack is released, Cegeka will inform <klant> through the agreed procedures related to the product lifecycle policy. Cegeka will also inform <klant> on the support lifecycle timeline of the new and previous service pack. 
When the support of a Windows server version ends, then the support for all service packs of that version will end. In such a case, Cegeka is willing to discuss with <klant> the need to continue to provide support on a best effort basis.
Supported versions
Cegeka applies a support version lifecycle policy on the managed Windows server service, for which the Microsoft support lifecycle is used: 
Cegeka supports all Windows server versions for which the extended support period has not yet expired. Older versions can be managed on a “best effort” basis.
Cegeka will inform <klant> when a new Windows version becomes available or when the extended support period expires through the agreed procedures related to the product lifecycle policy.
Antivirus
The ‘managed windows’ service ensures the security of the operating system against malware, viruses and rootkits. It also protects the managed Windows server from threats at network level. The antivirus agent handles scanning of local file systems during read and write operations. 
Cegeka’s anti-virus service protects the managed device against security threats. The endpoint protection central environment automatically deploys updates to each agent and provides an overview over the agent status and events.

Optional services
Backup & restore management
This feature is the management of the OS backups and restores from an operational perspective. It is dependent on the presence of the shared backup service. This option should typically be standard for production systems but might be left out for Test/Dev Environments.
License management of the OS and underlying components
This feature is the management of the OS licenses for the managed system or components installed on the system. For this option to be available Cegeka needs certain authorizations with respect to the licenses in question, which will depend on the exact product.
Non-standard patch frequency
Specific patch frequencies can be agreed for named systems.
Custom activity list
This feature provides the possibility for <klant> to define custom activities (e.g. in the form of a workbook) to be executed by Cegeka.
Out of scope
The following patches are out of scope:
Update Rollup
Feature Pack
Update
The Cegeka technical architect assigned to <klant> discusses the out of scope patches on a regular basis and on request of <klant>.
Out of scope patches for which it is decided to implement them and not a part of another in scope service, will be implemented through separate RFC’s but using the regular patching process or emergency change process.
Management of the applications running on the windows servers is not in scope with Cegeka. In the Service Delivery Plan, specific agreements need to be documented on the installation and upgrade of applications on servers and the required permissions to do so. The following options exist:
Cegeka receives the installation package and a release guide and installs the application on the server;
<klant> or a supplier receives temporary permissions to install the application
An employee of <klant> or the supplier sit together with an engineer from Cegeka to do the installation/upgrade together.
Similar agreements need to be made and documented in the SDP with respect to the management of the applications on the servers, especially concerning the permissions that are required for this application management.
Conditions
The Cegeka managed services personnel needs to have network access to the managed Windows server.
The Cegeka managed services personnel needs to have a login with full administrative access on the managed Windows server.
Responsibilities
Table RACI matrix operating system – windows
Service Part number(s)
O.0120_0030_0010_C_S.000 Virtual - OS Gold
O.0120_0030_0020_C_S.000 Virtual - OS Silver
O.0120_0030_0030_C_S.000 Virtual - OS Bronze
O.0120_0040_0070_C_S.000 Physical Onsite - OS Gold
O.0120_0040_0080_C_S.000 Physical Onsite - OS Silver
O.0120_0040_0090_C_S.000 Physical Onsite - OS Bronze
OS Management – Linux
Introduction
This service includes technical management of a Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) or Suse Linux Enterprise (SLES) Server operating system. Although RHEL and SLES are the standard supported Linux distributions, other distributions (like CentOS and Ubuntu) are also supported, but SLA specific exceptions must be agreed upon beforehand (e.g. the existence of maintenance contracts).
Service description
Standard services
Operating system management
This service includes technical management of the OS of a server. Technical management consists of:
Assuring availability of the RHEL/SLES OS;
Routine audits of the RHEL/SLES OS;
Documentation of system configurations;
Performance tuning of the RHEL/SLES OS;
Active management of files and disk space.
Linux software & patch management
Patches: Red Hat Enterprise Linux
Cegeka differentiates 2 major levels when it comes to patching RHEL:

Patches in scope
The patches in scope for this service are limited to those related to "security updates" and "OS updates". All other updates are out of scope.
Patches:  SUSE Linux Enterprise Server
Patches related to the SLES operating system are categorized in:
Recommended
Security
Feature
Optional
Patch frequency
The managed Linux OS service ensures that the managed server is updated to the most recent patches every quarter. 
This frequency may be different depending on specific separate agreements; this is provided as an option in this service.
Supported versions
Cegeka applies a support lifecycle policy for the Linux OS management service. It is designed to provide a clear and predictable policy for product support timelines and to assist in managing their support requirements.
Red Hat Enterprise Linux
Cegeka supports all RHEL server versions up to the ‘extended life phase’ (limitations related to RHEL support policies apply: https://access.redhat.com/site/support/policy/updates/errata )
Cegeka does not support RHEL versions in 'extended life phase', unless the operating systems is covered by an Extended Life Cycle Support Add-on contract
Cegeka will inform through the agreed procedures related to the product lifecycle policy when a new RHEL Version becomes available or when the extended life cycle support period will expire.
SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 
Cegeka supports all SLES Server versions up to the ‘extended support phase’ (limitations related to SLES support policies apply: https://www.suse.com/support/policy.html)
Cegeka does not support SLES versions in 'extended support phase’, unless the SLES operating system is covered by a Long Term Service Pack Support contract.
Cegeka will inform <klant> through the agreed procedures related to the product lifecycle policy when a new SLES version becomes available or when the extended life cycle support period will expire.
OS updates/service packs
Cegeka conducts an annual OS update for RHEL managed servers, as these OS Updates have a greater impact on the application level.
In accordance with the SUSE Product Support Lifecycle, the policy concerning service packs is the following:
When a new service pack is released, Cegeka will provide 6 months support on the previous service pack excluding SLES managed operating systems covered by a Long Term Service Pack Support Contract;
When a new Service Pack is released, Cegeka will inform through the agreed procedures related to the Product Lifecycle Policy. Cegeka will also inform on the Support Lifecycle Timeline of the new and previous Service Pack.
Monitoring
Monitoring is focused on status and availability monitoring and includes:
Measurement of system parameters of the <klant>’s IT infrastructure on operating system level;
Verification of availability of services and processes. (Detailed expectations need to be agreed separately with <klant>);
Notification via e-mail and/or sms when exceeding predefined thresholds and predefined statuses;
Visualization of monitoring results (events) via a central monitoring portal.
The list of standard monitoring settings and the list of monitored system parameters are documented in a standard monitoring plan. This is used as a basis for a customized monitoring plan to fit the needs of <klant>. In this service, management of monitoring datacenter infrastructure components is included. The service components are:
Monitoring of servers;
Monitoring of infrastructure software;
Portal servers. 
<klant> has an insight in the outcome of monitoring by means of monthly reports. An external monitoring portal can be provided as an option to <klant>.
Optional services
Backup & restore management
This feature is the management of the OS backups and restores from an operational perspective. It is dependent on the presence of the Shared Backup Service. This option should typically be standard for production systems but might be left out for Test/Dev environments.
License management of the OS and underlying components
This feature is the management of the OS licenses for the managed system or components installed on the system. For this option to be available Cegeka needs certain authorizations with respect to the licenses in question, which will depend on the exact product.
Non-standard patch frequency
Specific patch frequencies can be agreed for named systems.
Antivirus
On the Linux Operating System, antivirus and antimalware is not included and not installed by default. The service should be added as an exception on Linux servers that serves as a SAMBA file server or mail server where antivirus and antimalware is implemented. 
Custom activity list
This feature provides the possibility for <klant> to define custom activities (e.g. in the form of a workbook) to be executed by Cegeka.
Out of scope
<klant> assigned Cegeka technical architect discusses the out of scope patches on a regular basis and on request of <klant>. 
Out of scope patches for which it is decided to implement them, will be implemented through separate RFC’s but using the regular patching process or emergency change process.
Conditions
The Cegeka managed services personnel needs to have network access to the Managed Linux Server.
The Cegeka managed services personnel needs to have a login with full administrative access on the Managed Linux Server.
Management of the applications running on the Linux servers is not in scope with Cegeka. In the Service Delivery Plan, specific agreements need to be documented on the installation and upgrade of applications on servers and the required permissions to do so. The following options exist:
Cegeka receives the installation package and a release guide and installs the application on the server;
<klant> or a supplier receives temporary permissions to install the application;
An employee of <klant> or the supplier sit together with an engineer from Cegeka to do the installation/upgrade together;
Similar agreements need to be made and documented in the SDP with respect to the management of the applications on the servers, especially concerning the permissions that are required for this application management.
Responsibilities
Table RACI matrix operating system – Linux
Service Part number(s)
O.0120_0030_0040_C_S.000 Virtual - OS Gold Linux
O.0120_0030_0050_C_S.000 Virtual - OS Silver Linux
O.0120_0020_0060_C_S.000 Virtual - OS Bronze Linux
O.0120_0040_0100_C_S.000 Physical Onsite - OS Gold Linux
O.0120_0040_0110_C_S.000 Physical Onsite - OS Silver Linux
O.0120_0040_0120_C_S.000 Physical Onsite - OS Bronze Linux
OS Management – AIX
Introduction
The IBM Advanced Interactive executive OS management service includes the technical management of an AIX instance on a physical machine or on a LPAR.
Service description
Standard services 
Operating System management
This service includes technical management of the OS of a server. Technical management consists of:
Assuring availability of the AIX OS;
Routine audits of the AIX OS;
Analysis of system logs, identification and proactive resolving of potential issues;
Documentation of system configurations;
Performance tuning of the AIX OS;
Active management of files and disk space.
The management of LPARs through an HMC is included in the service. The management of the HMC itself is billed separately.
Software & patch management
Yearly the AIX partitions are upgraded to the IBM recommended technology level.
Monitoring
Monitoring is focused on status and availability monitoring and includes:
Measurement of system parameters of the <klant>’s IT infrastructure on Operating System level.
Verification of availability of services and processes. (Detailed expectations need to be agreed separately with the <klant>)
Notification via e-mail and/or SMS when exceeding predefined thresholds and predefined statuses;
Visualization of monitoring results (events and trends) via a central monitoring portal.
The list of standard monitoring settings and the list of monitored system parameters are documented in a standard monitoring plan. This is used as a basis for a customized monitoring plan to fit the needs of the <klant>. In this service, management of monitoring datacenter infrastructure components is included. These components are:
Monitoring of servers;
Monitoring of infrastructure software;
Portal servers. 
<klant> has insight in the outcome of monitoring by means of monthly reports and via the monitoring portal.

Backup & restore management
OS backups and restores from an operational perspective is provided via the shared backup service. The Linux  server is classified according to the backup policy plan.
Non-standard patch frequency
Specific patch frequencies can be agreed for named systems.
Custom activity list
This feature provides the possibility for the <klant> to define custom activities (e.g. in the form of a workbook) to be executed by Cegeka.

Out of scope
The <klant> assigned Cegeka technical architect discusses the out of scope patches on a regular basis and on request of the <klant>. 
Out of scope patches for which it is decided to implement them, will be implemented through separate RFC’s but using the regular patching process or emergency change process.

Conditions
The Cegeka managed services personnel needs to have network access to the Managed AIX Server.
The Cegeka managed services personnel needs to have a login with full administrative access on the Managed AIX Server.

Part number
O.0130_0010_0010_C_S.000 Physical and Virtual - Ux Gold
O.0130_0010_0020_C_S.000 Physical and Virtual - Ux Silver
Responsibilities
See paragraph 4.2 OS Management – Linux
OS Management – HP-UX (optional)
Introduction
The Hewlett Packard Unix OS management service includes the technical management of an HP-UX instance on a physical machine or a VPAR or a NPAR.
Service description
Standard services 
Operating System management
This service includes technical management of the OS of a server. Technical management consists of:
Assuring availability of the HP-UX OS;
Routine audits of the HP-UX OS;
Analysis of system logs, identification and proactive resolving of potential issues;
Documentation of system configurations;
Performance tuning of the HP-UX OS;
Active management of files and disk space.
Software & patch management
Yearly, the HP-UX OS is upgraded to the latest Operation Environment, which is at least 6 months old. Appropriate patches on the Operation Environment are, after consultation with HP, installed during the patch round.
Monitoring
Monitoring is focused on status and availability monitoring and includes:
Measurement of system parameters of the Customer’s IT infrastructure on Operating System level.
Verification of availability of services and processes. (Detailed expectations need to be agreed separately with the Customer)
Notification via e-mail and/or SMS when exceeding predefined thresholds and predefined statuses;
Visualization of monitoring results (events and trends) via a central monitoring portal.
The list of standard monitoring settings and the list of monitored system parameters are documented in a standard monitoring plan. This is used as a basis for a customized monitoring plan to fit the needs of the Customer. In this service, management of monitoring datacenter infrastructure components is included. These components are:
Monitoring of servers;
Monitoring of infrastructure software;
Portal servers. 
The Customer has an insight in the outcome of monitoring by means of monthly reports. An external monitoring portal can be provided as an option to the Customer.

Optional services
Backup & Restore Management
This feature is the management of the OS backups and restores from an operational perspective. It is dependent on the presence of the Shared Backup Service. This option should typically be standard for production systems but might be left out for Test/Dev Environments.
License Management of the OS and underlying components
This feature is the management of the OS licenses for the Managed System or components installed on the system. For this option to be available Cegeka needs certain authorizations with respect the licenses in question, which will depend on the exact product.
Non-standard patch frequency
Specific patch frequencies can be agreed for named systems.
Custom activity list
This feature provides the possibility for the Customer to define custom activities (e.g. in the form of a workbook) to be executed by Cegeka.

Out of scope
The Customer assigned Cegeka technical architect discusses the out of scope patches on a regular basis and on request of the Customer. 
Out of scope patches for which it is decided to implement them, will be implemented through separate RFC’s but using the regular patching process or emergency change process.

Conditions
The Cegeka managed services personnel needs to have network access to the Managed HP-UX Server.
The Cegeka managed services personnel needs to have a login with full administrative access on the Managed HP-UX Server.

Part number
O.0130_0010_0010_C_S.000 Ux Gold
O.0130_0010_0020_C_S.000 Ux Silver
O.0130_0010_0030_C_S.000 Ux Bronze
OS Management – Power Hosting
Introduction
This Service manages all aspects related to <klant>’s iSeries implementation hosted at Cegeka.
Service description
Standard services
System iOS management
Assuring availability of the OS corresponding to <klant>’s Service Level;
Analysis of system logs, identification and resolving of issues;
Documentation of system configurations;
Performance tuning of the OS;
Active management of files and disk space;
License management of the OS and underlying components.
Monitoring
This feature is focused on status and availability monitoring and includes:
Measurement of system parameters of <klant>’s iSeries OS;
Verification of availability of services, processes and ports of the <klant> applications. Detailed requirements need to be agreed upon separately with <klant>, and will be documented in the monitoring plan; 
Notification via e-mail and/or SMS when exceeding predefined thresholds and predefined statuses;
Visualization of monitoring results (events and trends) via a central monitoring portal.
The list of standard monitoring settings and the list of monitored system parameters are documented in a standard monitoring plan. This is used as a basis for a customized monitoring plan to fit the needs of <klant>. 
<klant> has an insight in the outcome of monitoring by means of monthly reports. An external monitoring portal can be provided as an option to <klant>.
Software & patch management
Implement interim patches issued via security alerts through Cegeka’s emergency change process;
Implement patches addressing specific issues for The <klant> (after agreement with the <klant>, via Cegeka’s emergency change process);
Each Quarter the Systems are fully patched.
This service doesn’t include:
The configuration and/or activation of additional features;
Necessary changes and project activities caused by patch management;
Software updates for which it’s necessary to change the application and/or reconfigure related systems with which the application interacts.
Backup & Restore management
This feature contains:
Backup and Restore of iSeries will be documented in the backup plan as part of the Document for Agreements and Procedures (DAP).
Management of the backup solution to a dedicated tape robot
Offsite storage of the tapes (via courier)
Management of the backup schemes
Restore on request
Physical iSeries Management
This feature contains:
Management of the hardware support contracts
Firmware patch management

Optional features
This service does not offer any additional features

Out of scope
The <klant> assigned Cegeka technical architect discusses the out of scope patches on a regular basis and on request of the <klant>. 
Out of scope patches for which it is decided to implement them, will be implemented through separate RFC’s but using the regular patching process or emergency change process.

Conditions
The Cegeka managed services personnel needs to have network access to the Managed iSeries Server.
The Cegeka managed services personnel needs to have a login with full administrative access on the Managed iSeries Server.

Part number
O.0140_0010_0010_M_S.000 SPH platform management - Shared Power Hosting - platform management
O.0300_0010_0010_A_S.000 Single Datacenter - Virtual Server Resources (IBM i  / IOS) - IBM i; sytem unit single datacenter / 76 CPW / 1 GB Ram / unlimited i5 OS V7Rx + user licenses / BU agent License (BRMS) / (minimum 7 units per partition required)
O.0320_0060_0010_A_S.000 Single Datacenter - Storage (IBM i  / IOS) - Managed SAN capacity  / GB (single storage system/datacenter) - High End (FS900 Flash) (S-T0) (Min 200 GiB + extra 50 GiB blocks)
O.0340_0060_0010_A_S.000 Backup (IBM i  / IOS) - LPAR back-up - per GB used (compressed) space on back-up storage device (EMC² data domain) (Min 200 GiB + extra 50 GiB blocks) - Storage Replication
Responsibilities



Hypervisor Management
Introduction
The Hypervisor management service includes the technical management of a Hypervisor on physical environment. 
Service description
Standard services
This Service includes technical management of the Hypervisor. Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
Hardware management
CPU/RAM
Physical NICs
HBAs / FC adapters / iSCSI adapter
Physical storage
iLO

Managing hypervisor Hosts and Clusters represents supporting:
hypervisor Clusters (including SCVMM, Hyper-V Manager, Admin Center, vSphere vCenter, XenServer, XenCenter)
host licensing
availability, capacity and performance
Datastores / Cluster Shared Volumes (VMDK /RDM / VHDX disks)
High availability
host profiles
Virtual switches
time settings
SNMP settings
resource pools
VM Resources
VM options
Startup/shutdown options
VMware tools / XenServer tools / Hyper-V integration services
Roles and accounts
Auditing
AD authentication
Security
snapshots, checkpoints and machine images
Power management

The following activities are part of this service Security component:
Manage lockdown mode
Manage security certificates
Manage Single Sign On
Manage network security policies
Secure storage migration traffic
Manage guarded fabrics
Manage shielded VMs
Quarterly patch management
Monitoring

Supported technologies
This service supports the following products:
VMware vSphere ESXi and vCenter
Microsoft Hyper-V and SCVMM
Citrix XenServer and XenCenter
Responsibilities
Table RACI matrix hypervisor management
Service Part number(s)
O.0120_0020_0070_A_S.000 Physical - Hypervisor
O.0120_0040_0130_A_S.000 Physical Onsite - Hypervisor
O.0120_0040_0140_A_S.000 Hyperconverged management (incl. Hypervisor)
Technical application management
Introduction
The Technical Application Management (TAM) service provides the tasks and activities needed to manage the customer business applications from a technical perspective. Technical Application Management is categorized in three levels:
Basic Technical Application Management services that have as focus to keep the business application and middleware up-and-running;
Advanced Technical Application Management services build upon the basic Services and include tasks to improve the applications technical parameters;
Premium Technical Application Management services are separate Services on top of the advanced Services, which provide further improvements, which are tailored to specific products.

The enablement of these three levels of TAM services is on a per business application basis. 
Service description
Basic technical application management 
Cegeka takes full responsibility for the technical application landscape. Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following activities including all dependency components needed to have a business application up and running, i.e. IIS, J2EE or similar components (i.e. middleware or related applications). 

TAM service desk support
Incidents and requests about the business applications are registered by Cegeka service desk agents. If possible, Cegeka service desk handles the incident or request using standardized procedures. Otherwise, it is transferred to second line engineers, who have a thorough knowledge about the application.
Incidents shall be registered, based on customer calls or on events generated by Cegeka’s technical monitoring of the application status and availability.
Incidents and requests are handled within the contractually agreed Service Levels. Actions in response to customer end-user calls and alerts originating from the Cegeka monitoring services are started. Tickets, which can be handled using standard procedures, are solved. The remaining tickets are handed over to engineering support.

Recurring maintenance
Most business applications require that a number of well-defined tasks are executed on a regular basis in order to ensure the availability of the business application and the system resources it uses. Examples include log rotation and connection pool clean-up. This Service ensures that the necessary tasks are executed at appropriate intervals.
Predictable incidents are avoided. Recurring maintenance activities are executed in accordance with the maintenance plan.

Engineering support
Incidents and requests that cannot be handled by Cegeka service desk by applying standardized procedures are
transferred to second line engineers. These engineers have application-specific knowledge necessary to handle these incidents with the goal of resolving them within the Service Levels as specified by their priority.
The service activity ensures the application’s technical availability is restored as per the Service Level Agreement in the event of technical failure. This doesn’t provide any guarantees on the level of functional availability and is merely allowing the functional application owner to operate and/or troubleshoot the functional application service it hosts.
In case of structural incidents, a problem ticket is created. In case an incident cannot be solved, but a work- around is available, a problem ticket is created in order to realize a structural resolution for the incident. As problems possibly lead to structural Changes in the application or infrastructure, the investigation into the problems’ cause is not in scope of this Service. This is either handled through the advanced Service or by a third party.
Ensure standard requests and incidents are handled within Service Levels;
Requests and incidents which could not be handled by service desk and have been dispatched to engineering are handled;
Repeating incidents are handed over to the problem handling service.

Conditions
Business application maintenance contracts must be in place for those activities outside the scope of Cegeka,
including third line support on specific Business Applications, and development/coding of business applications

Application patch deployment
The service activity ensures patches are deployed onto the technical application as per the predefined patch management plan or upon explicit request of customer. customer is accountable for both timings and instructions (responsibility for instructions can reside with the product vendor). By default critical (security) patches and patch sets are included in the patch management plan.
Deployment is limited to applying the patches to the technical application as is, excluding configuration changes and activation of functionality added by the patch(es) or patch set(s). The latter is done via RFC containing content, scope and exceptions. This RFC acts as patch deployment plan.
Customer remains in the lead by determining either the scope and high level planning or by explicitly requesting one off patch deployments unless patch planning & management is handled by Cegeka as part of the advanced service package.
By default, Cegeka performs two patch deployment rounds per year. Within such a patch deployment round, deployments are phased over the different environments (e.g. acceptance is patched before production). Systems within an environments are patched in bulk (e.g. all production systems).
Patches are deployed in accordance with the patch management plan;
Patches in patch list are applied on the applications in scope, according to the planning.

Technical monitoring
Applications make use of various system resources, such as memory and CPU. These resources assigned need to be balanced in order to allow all applications on the system to work correctly. In this service, the resource assignment to a business application is measured in order to ensure that the resource utilization stays within a predefined range.
In case a business application requires a number of jobs to be executed automatically, this Service also ensures that the jobs are executed and that incidents are handled that occur if one of the jobs cannot be executed. This Service only concerns jobs that are executed by the application itself. In case the jobs are handled by a job

scheduler, the job execution is part of the management of the job scheduler.
Resources are measured and verified as defined in the monitoring plan;
When thresholds are exceeded the necessary actions are initiated via service desk and/or engineering support, for the avoidance of doubt, monitoring notification will be emailed automatically to the responsible resolver customer group; 
The monitoring status information is published externally via the Cegeka monitoring portal.
Advanced technical application management Services
Problem handling
In case a problem is created for one or more incidents, this Service investigates how the incident(s) can be solved in a structural manner and can be avoided in the future. The solution will be implemented through the RFC process.
Only problems that concern technical issues are in scope of this service. In case of functional issues, the problem must be investigated by functional application managers.
Avoidance of incidents due to known problems;
Improvement in service availability;
Creation of problem ticket(s);
Investigation and definition of root cause and proposed solution alternatives;
Categorization of the problem ticket agreed upon by both customer and Cegeka:
“known error”: problem is recognized and accepted;
“work-around”: problem is bypassed using a work-around;
“structural solution”: problem is solved in a structural way.
For each problem the outcome may consist of the following (depending on the categorization):
Technical level: one or more RFC’s are created to resolve the underlying cause of the problem;
Process & procedure level: updates to process(es) and procedure(s) are defined and communicated to customer and within Cegeka.
Reports as part of the monthly service review:
Problem overview as part of the service status report;
Root Cause Analysis (RCA) and Service Improvement Report (SIR) for P1 problems.

Backup planning & management
Responsibility for planning, realization and impact analysis for application backup lies with Cegeka. The backup planning & management service ensures the backup plan is defined and maintained,
whereas backup job execution – part of technical application management basic services - focuses on correct execution of backups in accordance with the backup plan and SLA. The goal is to ensure that backups are created to meet the backup requirements in the most optimal way.
Whereas the initial creation of the backup plan is prior to daily operation and thus part of transition, application landscapes change (growth, changing service level requirements, changed features). This provides opportunities to creating backups more efficiently, while still meeting customer’s functional service level requirements.
Servers are backed-up to match the functional backup requirements in the most optimal and efficient way.

Application patch planning & management
Similar to backup job execution and backup planning & management, patch planning & management is the intelligent service of critically reviewing available patches, determining relevance and possible impact within the specific customer context resulting in a more selective patch deployment, rather than predefined bulk deployment. The benefit of this service is that customer is provided with a relevant subset of available patches
reducing downtime and adverse effects on the application’s operation.
Although this Service provides analysis and guidance at the level of patches, it remains the responsibility of customer to decide upon actual deployment and timings.
The most optimal balance between risk exposure on one hand and patch deployment risk and effort on the other is achieved.
The patching plan represents the patch scope and relevant to customer’s context.
Optimizations to the patch plan are defined, developed and implemented (after approval by customer).

Job management
This Services deals with the addition of new jobs and maintenance of existing jobs in the internal application scheduler, based upon the content and scheduling requirements, provided by the functional application manager.
The technical application managers ensure that the new job does not conflict with existing jobs and is scheduled in the most optimal way.
Optionally, in order to optimize the job schedule, the execution of individual jobs can be monitored and start times can be adjusted. This way, additional load on the system (e.g. if the number of transactions increases) can be compensated.

Scheduled jobs are executed in compliance with customer’s functional requirements and run without conflicts with other jobs
Optimizations to the job schedules are identified, developed and implemented (after approval by customer via an RFC)

Functional monitoring
The Service implements and executes a combination of distinct parameter checks and pre-defined functional scenarios that are indicative of the application health. The parameters and scenarios are defined in collaboration between Cegeka and customer and are by default limited to the possibilities of the standard built-in tooling and Cegeka’s default monitoring platform. Although the management of specialized monitoring tools is not in scope of this Service, they can be used if made available separately.
The results are, dependent on the application, typically reported in happy pages or dashboards. Incidents will be acted upon through the scripted execution of standard procedures or via an escalation to second line support.
The functional availability of the application is monitored and disruptions of the functional availability are acted upon in a timely manner according to SLA of incident management. When functional checks are violated the necessary actions are initiated via service desk and/or engineering support the Cegeka Customer Care Portal can be used to publish the monitoring status information unless application specific tooling is used. 
Premium technical application management Services
The below Services can be contracted separately per application: 
Application Hardening
Application hardening is the service activity pursuing the application’s security configuration meets business requirements. As a first step, the security configuration parameters are screened, the optimal settings are determined and documented, based upon public guidelines and standards. Upon deployment the hardened configuration is applied to the application and maintained during its further operational life cycle.

Together with the hardening process, possible exceptions are well documented to keep trace of deviations from the original/standard, both at the level of content and approval(s).
Using the configuration compliance scanning service, the hardening of the systems will be checked and guaranteed.
The technical attack surface of the application is a small as possible within the specific customer context
The hardened application state is documented
The application is hardened to comply with the hardening state objective
Exceptions to the hardening state objective are discussed and agreed upon with customer as well as documented
Reports as part of the monthly service review:
An overview of hardening state vs. hardening state objective per target environment 

Performance monitoring
In this Service, the performance of the application is assessed using built-in functionality or vendor provided tools. The metrics measured include (but are not limited to), depending on the type of application, response times and resource usage.
The usage of specialized performance monitoring tools are out of scope of this Service.
The application performance complies with the performance requirements as defined by customer.
When performance thresholds are violated the necessary actions are initiated via the service desk and/or engineering support services.
Technical database management
Introduction
The Cegeka database management service consists of the activities related to the <klant> database environment as described in this section. Cegeka provides database management services for Oracle Database, Microsoft SQL Server and MySQL. The following definitions apply:
A database server or RDBMS: logical set of software, resources and processes required to make one or more databases operationally available;
A database: a set of structured data that is used as one logical, functional whole. A database consists of data, data structures and relational structures required to use the data in a logical and consistent way.
The table below provides an overview of the definitions above applied to the different database products:

(*) From the perspective of the application, a logical database can consist of one or more technical schemas/databases.
Service description
Standard services
TAM basic services
Optional services
Hardening
Out of scope
N/A
Conditions
This Service does not require any explicit conditions to be met, with the exception of the conditions, mentioned in the Technical Application Management Service description.
Responsibilities

The existing description applies to the service database management standard. Where an application or business application is spoken, this can be read as a database or business database.
TAM service desk support
Incidents and requests about the business applications are registered by Cegeka service desk agents. If possible, Cegeka service desk handles the incident or request using standardized procedures. Otherwise, it is transferred to second line engineers, who have a thorough knowledge about the application.
Incidents shall be registered, based on <klant> calls or on events generated by Cegeka’s technical monitoring of the application status and availability.
Incidents and requests are handled within the contractually agreed Service Levels. Actions in response to <klant> end-user calls and alerts originating from the Cegeka monitoring services are started. Tickets, which can be handled using standard procedures, are solved. The remaining tickets are handed over to engineering support.

Responsibilities Production & Acceptance


Responsibilities test and development

Recurring maintenance
Most business applications require that a number of well-defined tasks are executed on a regular basis in order to ensure the availability of the business application and the system resources it uses. Examples include log rotation and connection pool clean-up. This Service ensures that the necessary tasks are executed at appropriate intervals.
Predictable incidents are avoided. Recurring maintenance activities are executed in accordance with the maintenance plan.
Responsibilities production and acceptance

Responsibilities test and development

Engineering support
Incidents and requests that cannot be handled by Cegeka service desk by applying standardized procedures are transferred to second line engineers. These engineers have application-specific knowledge necessary to handle these incidents with the goal of resolving them within the Service Levels as specified by their priority.
The service activity ensures the application’s technical availability is restored as per the Service Level Agreement in the event of technical failure. This doesn’t provide any guarantees on the level of functional availability and is merely allowing the functional application owner to operate and/or troubleshoot the functional application service it hosts.
In case of structural incidents, a problem ticket is created. In case an incident cannot be solved, but a work- around is available, a problem ticket is created in order to realize a structural resolution for the incident. As problems possibly lead to structural Changes in the application or infrastructure, the investigation into the problems’ cause is not in scope of this Service. This is either handled through the advanced Service or by a third party.
Ensure standard requests and incidents are handled within Service Levels;
Requests and incidents which could not be handled by service desk and have been dispatched to engineering are handled;
Repeating incidents are handed over to the problem handling service.
Conditions
Business application maintenance contracts must be in place for those activities outside the scope of Cegeka,
including third line support on specific Business Applications, and development/coding of business applications

Responsibilities production and acceptance

Responsibilities test and development

Application patch deployment
The service activity ensures patches are deployed onto the technical application as per the predefined patch management plan or upon explicit request of <klant>. <klant> is accountable for both timings and instructions (responsibility for instructions can reside with the product vendor). By default critical (security) patches and patch sets are included in the patch management plan.
Deployment is limited to applying the patches to the technical application as is, excluding configuration changes and activation of functionality added by the patch(es) or patch set(s). The latter is done via RFC containing content, scope and exceptions. This RFC acts as patch deployment plan.
<klant> remains in the lead by determining either the scope and high level planning or by explicitly requesting one off patch deployments unless patch planning & management is handled by Cegeka as part of the advanced service package.
By default, Cegeka performs two patch deployment rounds per year. Within such a patch deployment round, deployments are phased over the different environments (e.g. acceptance is patched before production). Systems within an environment are patched in bulk (e.g. all production systems).
Patches are deployed in accordance with the patch management plan;
Patches in patch list are applied on the applications in scope, according to the planning.

Responsibilities production and acceptance

Responsibilities test and development

Technical monitoring
Applications make use of various system resources, such as memory and CPU. These resources assigned need to be balanced in order to allow all applications on the system to work correctly. In this service, the resource assignment to a business application is measured in order to ensure that the resource utilization stays within a predefined range.
In case a business application requires a number of jobs to be executed automatically, this Service also ensures that the jobs are executed and that incidents are handled that occur if one of the jobs cannot be executed. This Service only concerns jobs that are executed by the application itself. In case the jobs are handled by a job scheduler, the job execution is part of the management of the job scheduler.
Resources are measured and verified as defined in the monitoring plan;
When thresholds are exceeded the necessary actions are initiated via service desk and/or engineering support, for the avoidance of doubt, monitoring notification will be emailed automatically to the responsible resolver <klant> group; 
The monitoring status information is published externally via the Cegeka monitoring portal.


Responsibilities production and acceptance

Responsibilities test and development

Service Part number(s)
O.0240_0020_0010_C_S.000 MS SQL Production Basic Single
O.0240_0020_0050_C_S.000 MS SQL Test_Dev  Single

Infrastructure Services
Compute IaaS
Introduction
Cegeka’s managed service, to provide and support virtual machines, is based on VMware. Our private cloud services provide virtual servers in different types: Tier 1, Tier 2 and Tier 3. In case of a datacenter failure, a VMware Site Recovery Manager (SRM) will move the virtual machines of type Tier 1 to the other datacenter.
The setup of the private infrastructure consists out of blades that are distributed across our datacenters. Each blade is added to one of the high-availability clusters within a datacenter. If a blade server fails due to a disruption, the impacted virtual machines (VMs) are migrated automatically onto another blade server within the same cluster.
The virtual cloud platform contains virtual machines in three different Tiers:
Tier 1 VM: The Tier 1 environment is used for virtual servers that always need to be available, even in case of disaster. If a datacenter would become unavailable, Cegeka will activate its Disaster Recovery Procedure using predefined plans. Once the DRP procedure has been executed, the virtual server will be operational in another datacenter with the same specifications as before.
Tier 2 VM: This VM can be used for any environment, which does not have DR requirements.
Tier 3 VM: This VM uses capacity reserved for DR in the other datacenter. Therefore, Tier 3 contains servers that will be shut down in case of disaster recovery to free up resources for Tier 1 VMs.


Service description
Standard Services
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services: 
Virtual Hardware
Microsoft Windows Core Infrastructure server license (SPLA) of the virtual system;
RHEL (Red Hat Enterprise Linux) support subscription of the virtual system;
Management of all underlying hardware components;
All license costs related to hypervisor and underlying hardware;
Management of the storage data stores;
Patch management of the underlying physical hardware;
Patch management of the hypervisor software;
24x7 management of the hypervisor environment.
Optional services
This service does not contain any optional services.
Out of scope
N/A
Conditions
A new VM might be refused as Standard Change when the number of the requested vCPU and vRAM is considered too high. Currently the limitations are set to 8 vCPU and 32Gb RAM. To qualify for a Standard Change. Alternative sizing is possible, but will require specific action and a longer implementation time.
Tier 3 VM’s are only available for <klant> who are using Tier 1 VM’s 90% of the allocated Tier 1 memory capacity is available for Tier 3 VM’s.
Responsibilities

Service Part number(s)
O.0280_0010_0010_A_S.000 Tier 1 - vCPU
O.0280_0010_0020_A_S.000 Tier 1 - vMem
O.0280_0010_0030_A_S.000 Tier 1 - SRM
O.0280_0020_0010_A_S.000 Tier 2 - vCPU
O.0280_0020_0020_A_S.000 Tier 2 - vMem
O.0280_0030_0010_A_S.000 Tier 3 - vCPU
O.0280_0030_0020_A_S.000 Tier 3 - vMem
Storage SAN
Responsibilities

Service Part number(s)
Storage NAS
Introduction
The shared object storage service provides a platform.
Providing CAS archiving capabilities:
To store large amounts of cloud native application data and/or infrequently accessed data safely and economically.
To store data on a geo redundant, scalable enterprise storage solution (geo-redundancy: Belgium (Hasselt):
The Netherlands (Geleen).
From which you can access data geo redundantly via:
RESTful API
S3 (fully compliant)
CIFS
NFS
That is HIPAA and SEC 17a-4 compliant, which ensures the <klant> of data consistency at all times. European counter parts are Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC and GDPR.
Which has no single point of failures and protects its data via erasure coding over multiple geographical locations.
The Shared Object Storage Service manages the components of the Object Storage platform infrastructure. These components are:
The object storage data serving nodes;
The object storage;
CIFS agents.
Service description
Standard services
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
CAS data archiving solution
Access via all listed access protocols
Data traffic (in/out)
Object creation
Object access/retrieval
Object deletion
Life cycle transitions
Custom metadata
Metadata search capabilities
Replicated data by default
Optional services
The following options can only be deployed after technical review:
Openstack/Swift
HDFS (Hadoop)
Conditions
Performance: note that this service has a performance, which is similar to “internet-speed”. The storage is not intended as a fast storage for files and objects. Compare this to Amazon S3 and Glacier storage.
Not a drop in replacement for NAS: while the service can offer NAS functionality, it is not intended as a NAS replacement. The NAS access is only intended as an additional interface to the data.
NFS: Supported NAS functionality is NFSv3.
CIFS: CIFS is based on a client to be installed on a server. The compatibilities matrix of the CIFS agent is leading for which systems are supported for being the CIFS front-end.
S3 API: The system is fully compliant with the S3 API with the exception of a number of functions
Search/Metadata: Metadata searches are possible. There is a limit on the number of metadata fields that can be used.
All use cases could use the object storage technology from this service but the service does not include the full functionality of all use cases in the list. For some additional services should be aligned.
Responsibilities
Server connectivity Rack - SAN ports
Introduction
This Service offers the ability to connect dedicated hardware to the Cegeka cloud storage (SAN Storage).
For <klant> this service will be used for the physical system where the Client operating systems will run.
Standard services
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
The SAN switches and cabling;
Out of scope
N/A
Conditions
Service can only be used in combination with the Block level SAN Storage.
The operating system using the storage must natively support multi-patching or support the software provided by Cegeka.
The physical servers must have compatible fiber channel adapter cards to connect to the SAN network.
Responsibilities

Service Part number(s)
O.0320_0100_0010_A_S.000 Server connectivity Rack - SAN ports 
SAN & storage device management
Introduction
The SAN & storage device management service is a Cegeka managed service which consist of the monitoring, management, maintenance, supervision, administration and planning of all functions for Storage systems. 
Service description
Standard features
The following standard features are included in this Service:
General activities:
Monitoring and controlling storage performance according to data management policies
Monitoring storage constantly and escalating data growth when it reaches a critical point to ensure timely procurement of sufficient storage.
Proposing a data management plan to manage data growth and capacity
Reports on performance and capacity
Daily operations and administration:
Storage Provisioning & Management
Defines physical and logical layout (arrays, groups, volumes, pools, LUNs)
Creates new LUNs
Removes LUNs
Creates new Shares
Removes Shares
Manages host mappings (hosts, host groups, host types)
Backs up Device configuration
Masks Devices to HBA
Manages unused and used resources (disks, ports, controllers)
Determines failed hardware components (disk drives, power supplies, fans, controllers, ports)
Coordinates array capacity decision making
Coordinates disk types decision making
Troubleshoots Hardware issues 
Logs Hardware issues with vendors
Manages Volume size (grow/shrink)
Manages volume location/relocation/migration within the same array or between arrays
Migrates RAID levels 
Reports on number of disks available and used;
Remote Updates Microcode / firmware (our recommendation is that all these activities are done onsite)” 
Documents Trend reporting on resource usage 
Performs Storage space validations (trend analysis)
Configures replication
Manages deduplication and compression
Manages disk alignment
Storage Performance Management
Performs Configuration Monitoring
Performs Logs & Alert monitoring
Manages Performance Monitoring and Tuning
Manages Performance Analysis (trend analysis)
Storage maintenance
Monitors and Troubleshoots Proactively 
Follows up and interacts with Vendor 
Implements and coordinates Array Vendor Best Practices 
Designs Scalability
Fabric Switch Management
Configures Domain Parameters
Configures interfaces on SAN Switch
Configures fiber channel aliases for new host
Configures & Managing VSANs
Configures high availability on controller level
Configures Inter-Switch links
Configures Port-channels / Trucking
Configures & Manages Zones
Configures Fiber channel routing services & protocols
Configures users & common rules
Configures System message logging
Configures IP Storage
Configures FCIP & iSCSI
Performs Problem Determination and Resolution
Fabric switch monitoring
Proactively Monitors and Troubleshoots
Configures SNMP alerts & monitoring
Troubleshoots & diagnoses Fabric & Switch Issues (Hardware & Software)
Performs Impact & Performance analysis
Storage Volume & File System Provisioning
Allocates / De-allocates Volumes/Logical disks
Manages Nomenclature for Volumes
Performs Volume Management (Grow/Shrink)
Provisions & designs new disks
Performs LUN Management/ Exports Management
Adds and Removes Disks
Performs Cluster Configuration & Management
Monitors and resolves issues with the synchronization to a secondary SAN
Stops Synchronization as requested
Reinstates Synchronization as requested
Storage Snapshot Management
Performs Replication and Recovery
Performs Snapshot Management
Coordinates Hardware Maintenance & Support
Scope
The scope of the San & Storage management service is one disk array. 
Optional feature to this service
N/A
Dependencies
Mandatory: “Service Desk” (2nd line)
Location
The service can be delivered for all Client locations and the Cegeka datacenters.
Ownership
The equipment is being owned by <klant> (or in a lease construction)
Responsibility


Service Part number(s)
O.0320_0090_0010_M_TM.000 SAN & storage device management
 Backup
Introduction
Cegeka’s backup solution uses a disk based backup solution. Disk based backups of all data shall be stored cross-site from the site containing the data. Monthly, the production backup is offloaded to tape and shipped to external storage. The monthly backups are stored on disk for one month and on tape for one year. Yearly, the backup will be stored for a period of ten years.
The backup infrastructure at Cegeka has a high scalability, availability and performance:
Dedicated 10Gb switch infrastructure for the backup environment.
A four-node storage cluster in each of the Cegeka datacenters.
Possibility to extend each cluster to up to 16 petabytes.
Possibility of using tiered backup storage.
The Service provides three methods of ‘off-site’ storage:
Cross-site backup to another datacenter of Cegeka.
Replication to another datacenter of Cegeka.
Offloading to tape media combined with shipping of tapes outside the datacenter.
Service description
Standard services
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
Execute backups and restores for supported operating systems.
The backup plan contains all details regarding backup agreed between <klant> and Cegeka (backup schedules). There is a clear relation between each relevant Configuration Item (CI) and the backup schedules.
Backup characteristics:
The system and data will be backed up according to backup methodology, retention schemes and schedule as documented in the backup plan.
Failed backups will be re-executed. In case of consecutive failures an incident ticket will be created;
Certain data can be excluded from backup.
As a part of the normal backup strategy (e.g. database ‘files’ are excluded as databases will be backed up with another agent which is not file based).
Explicitly agreed between <klant> and Cegeka.
Both cases are documented in the backup plan.
Restore characteristics:
Systems and data will be restored based on the used backup methods and data availability (retention) as defined in the backup plan.
Restore operations will be executed on request and need to be specified in detail: full system restore, (partial) data restore, destination. These restores will always be billed on a time and material basis (not included in the service charges).
All necessary backup infrastructures within the Cegeka datacenters: 
Backup servers;
Media servers;
Backup software and licenses (including client software and license when applicable).
Data storage.
Image based backup (block based backup);
Optional services
In addition to cross-site backup, backup replication to secondary datacenter of Cegeka.
Tape off loading and storing in an external location.
Tapes encryption.
Certified destruction of tapes after the retention period has finished. 
Out of scope
N/A
Conditions
The Cegeka managed services personnel responsible for the backup/restore requires having a login with full administrative access on the server.
Cegeka must be allowed to install backup software on the server.
The platform in scope of the backup must be compatible with our backup software.
Restore operations always require a suitable target environment. Provisioning of such a target environment is not included in the service. 
Cegeka advises to execute data and system restores on a regular basis to test backup and restore strategy and capabilities. These restore tests will be handled as normal restore requests, to be requested by <klant> via the RFC process or by setting up and approving a project letter. These tests will always be billed on a time and material basis (not included in the service fee).
Responsibilities


Service Part number(s)
0340_0010_0010_A_S.000 D2D - Client level back-up / image level backup - per 10 GB on backup medium
Archiving
Introduction
The archiving service provides CAS archiving capabilities:
To store large amounts of cloud native application data and/or infrequently accessed data safely and economically.
To store data on a geo redundant, scalable enterprise storage solution (geo-redundancy: Belgium (Hasselt) - The Netherlands (Geleen)
From which you can access data geo redundantly via:
RestFull API
S3 (fully compliant)
CIFS
That is HIPAA and SEC 17a-4 , which insures the Customer of data consistency at all times. European counter parts are Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC and GDPR
Which has no single point of failures and protects its data via erasure coding over multiple geographical locations.
The Shared Object Storage Service manages the components of the Object Storage platform infrastructure. These components are:
The object storage data serving nodes;
The object storage;
CIFS agents.
Service description
Standard services
CAS data archiving solution
Access via all listed access protocols
Data traffic (in/out)
Object creation
Object access/retrieval
Object deletion
Life cycle transitions
Custom metadata
Metadata search capabilities
Replicated data by default

Optional features
The following options can only be deployed after technical review:
Openstack/Swift
HDFS (Hadoop)

Out of scope
N/A

Conditions
Performance: note that this service has a performance, which is similar to “internet-speed”. The storage is not intended as a fast storage for files and objects. Compare this to Amazon S3 and Glacier storage.
Not a drop in replacement for NAS: while the service can offer NAS functionality, it is not intended as a NAS replacement. The NAS access is only intended as an additional interface to the data.
NFS: Supported NAS functionality is NFSv3
CIFS: CIFS is based on a client to be installed on a server. The compatibilities matrix of the CIFS agent is leading for which systems are supported for being the CIFS front-end
S3 API: The system is not fully compliant with the S3 API
Search/Metadata: Metadata searches are possible. There is a limit on the number of metadata fields that can be used.

Part number
O.0350_0010_0010_A_S.000 CAS per 10 GB
O.0350_0010_0020_A_S.000 CAS per 10 GB Georeplicated
Hardware Datacenter (Lease)
Introduction
For certain services, Cegeka uses dedicated hardware mostly for license technical reasons or for specific workloads. The most common applications are: Systems with a workplace OS, Oracle systems, specific database clusters and Central workplace infrastructure.

Dedicated systems are also used for applications at office locations for distributing software and / or files (Branch office / Cloud distribution).

This service is based on a financial lease in which Cegeka owns the relevant systems (hardware) during the fixed term. After the run, <klant> has the opportunity to purchase the relevant systems (hardware).
This service is usually closed for a period of 36 or 60 months.
The delivered hardware in our solution are specified in Appendix 8, Client Hardware and Software.
Service description
Standard services
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
Administrative processing and registration in the CMDB.
Optional services
N/A 
Out of scope
N/A
Conditions
The Cegeka is responsible for the systems (assets) in the datacenters of Cegeka.
<klant> is responsible for the systems (assets) that are not on Cegeka locations. This implies that <klant> is responsible for damage to these systems (assets) that are outside the control of Cegeka. This damage is capped to the remaining instalments of the fixed term of the relevant system (Asset).
Responsibilities

Service Part number(s)
O.0370_0030_0010_A_I.000 Server (HPE) - (HPE DL360 G10, 2x 600GB 15k, 1xCPU, 64 GB) - 36 MND
O.0370_0030_0020_A_I.000 Server (HPE) - (HPE DL360 G10, 2x 600GB 15k, 2xCPU, 256GB, HBA) - 36 MND
O.0370_0030_0030_A_I.000 Server (HPE) - (HPE DL360 G10, 3x 600GB 15k, 2xCPU, 256GB) - 36 MND
O.0370_0040_0010_A_I.000 HyperConverged (HPE) - SimpliVity 380 Gen10 (2-Node cluster) - 36 MND
O.0370_0050_0010_A_I.000 NAS (HPE) - StoreEasy 1860 NAS (15,28 TB) - 36 MND
Software
Introduction
Cegeka can provide serval licenses to <klant>, based on financial lease with a fixed period (This service is usually closed for a period of 36 or 60 months) and/or in a subscription model on a monthly basis.

License compliancy is always a responsibility of <klant>. 
The delivered software in our solution are specified in Appendix 8, Client Hardware and Software.
Service description
Standard services
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
Administrative processing and registration
Optional services
N/A 
Out of scope
N/A
Conditions
Responsibilities

Service Part number(s)

FTP
Introduction
The Shared FTP service provides a platform to exchange files using the FTP(*), sFTP and FTPS protocol.  Via a secured FTP portal (user management interface) access can be granted to the FTP server platform where file data can be loaded or downloaded.
Service description
Standard services
Cegeka is responsible in providing the following Services:
Management of the Shared FTP service infrastructure in the Cegeka datacenters;
Access to the FTP portal (user management interface);
Delivery of one admin user account to create and manage user accounts in the user management interface (web portal);
Capability of retrieving (exporting to .csv) and analyzing the FTP-log files. To be able to securely connect to the web interface, a client certificate will be provided;
Supported protocols:
FTP (*)
SFTP (Secure FTP – SSH)
FTPS (FTP – SSL)
(*) The plain-text FTP service is in legacy-only mode
Optional services (not included)
The data in the FTP shares is not backupped by default. If needed the FTP service can be added to the service ‘Backup’.
Conditions
The use of the service ‘Monitoring/Event Management’ is mandatory to be able to check if the FTP-share still has enough space
Access to the web portal only possible using the client certificate
Part number
O.0320_0080_0030_A_S.000 File-level – FTP per GB
Responsibilities

SMS Gateway
Introduction
The SMS gateway service provides a platform to send SMS messages worldwide (e.g. one-time passwords, alerts ...) which originate from <klant> systems (soft- and hardware platforms) in the Cegeka datacenters.
Service description
Standard services
Cegeka is responsible in providing the following Services:
The API (RESTful)to connect the systems to the SMS gateway and to connect to the SMS Cloud broker;
Basic reports on the sent SMS messages via http://notify.cegeka.com (please refer to the ‘Reporting’ service for more advanced reports, the pricing for these advanced reports are not included).
Hardware and software platform: SMS internal (BE) gateways, internal SMS antennas, SMS gateway appliances and SMS software;
Cloud provider for SMS messages.
Conditions
The API supported connection is RESTful.
This service is intended to send SMS messages coming from systems. This service is not intended for human usage (people sending SMS messages to one another).
Part number
O.0610_0050_0010_A_S.000 Token Messaging - SMS gateway subscription
O.0610_0050_0020_A_S.000 Token Messaging - SMS text messages
Responsibilities


Security Services
Firewall Services
Introduction
The shared firewall service consists of four redundant firewall nodes, split up over the availability zones of Hasselt and Geleen. This configuration guarantees full redundancy. In a DRP-scenario, all new sessions will fail over automatically to the next standby node.
The platform is based on Checkpoint VSX technology. <klant> is provided with its own dedicated virtual firewall, allowing for multi gigabit performance and redundancy.
Each dedicated virtual firewall contains a <klant> specific rule base (in accordance with the Cegeka rule base convention). 
Service description
Standard services
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
Controls access between separate networks on L4 of the OSI model;
Executes address translation between separate networks (NAT/Hiding);
Rules management via Standard Request;
Management of the following components:
Firewall nodes;
Firewall software;
Management station;
Management software.

Service Characteristics (Dedicated “Rulebase” Virtual firewall)
This type of firewall has the following features:
No limitation on the number of VLANs
External connections to/from the VLANs behind the firewall (e.g.: Leased Line, MPLS …) are allowed (e.g.: to connect the servers with an office environment)
Policy based site-to-site VPNs are possible 
Custom feature/parameters are allowed (e.g. state table limits, state full inspection parameters, protocol parameters, QoS settings, client authentication, …) 
Custom parameters are allowed (State table entries, IPS, TCP/UDP, IP … settings)
Firewall reporting (log reporting):
Statistics per VLAN interface
Dropped connections
Dropped source IP addresses
Dropped Per TCP / UDP ports
IPS functionality is included and based on the Cegeka policy.
The customer can opt for a customized IPS policy (non-standard request)
The private IP addresses used behind the firewall can be chosen freely by the customer

Optional services
Application control:
The ability to identify, allow, block or limit usage of known applications and widgets;
Applications are classified categories based on type, risk level … ;
Examples: YouTube, TeamViewer, Facebook.
URL filtering:
The ability to identify, allow, block or limit usage of known categories;
Custom categories or URL’s can be added;
Examples:  High Risk, Social Networking.
Identity awareness:
Allows a security policy to be built using identities instead of (source) IPs;
AD groups can also be used within a security policy to prevent unauthorized access.
Anti-virus:
Identifies malware and malicious websites;
Stop incoming malicious files;
Prevents access to malware infested websites.
Out of scope
N/A
Conditions
This Service does not require any explicit conditions to be met.
Responsibilities

Service Part number(s)
O.0390_0010_0020_A_S.000 Firewall -Firewall - per dedicated rule base
O.0390_0010_0030_M_S.000 Firewall -Additional feature - Application control
O.0390_0010_0040_M_S.000 Firewall -Additional feature - URL filtering
O.0390_0010_0050_M_S.000 Firewall -Additional feature - Identity awareness
O.0390_0010_0070_M_S.000 Firewall -Additional feature - Anti-virus
Management dedicated platforms Firewall Security
Introduction
Firewall Security services is Cegeka managed service which consist of the monitoring, management, maintenance, supervision, security, administration and planning of all functions relating to dedicated firewall  and other network related security components. 
The Firewall Security service releases <klant> from the day-to-day management of the Firewall Security. Cegeka manages the Firewall on a remote (i.e. off-site) basis from our operation center, proactively fixing faults and keeping the service running. Cegeka also provide reports on the status of your firewall (and other network related security components) and informs <klant> about incidents that occur.
Service description
Standard features
The following standard features are included in this Service:
Device performance optimization, Maintain best practice performance optimization techniques:
drop optimization
state tables
throughput acceleration
connection-rate acceleration
worker processes/instances
interface optimization
interface buffering
traffic inspection
Log file management, Security Logs are collected and archived for at least 6 months. (The default log format used is ‘syslog’. Specialized tooling can be used to convert product specific log formats towards the standard syslog format.)
Rule base maintenance, Rule bases tend naturally toward disorder over time, and as the size of the ruleset grows, the performance of the security device starts to suffer. Recurrent rule base tuning (1x per year) consists out of:
Disable unused rules.
Remove unused objects.
Order rules (most used before least used).
Maintain naming convention on objects/rules/security zones…
Analyze potential security risks (ex: ‘Any’ in source, destination or service)
Security Management, Manage security policies against security best practices to provide protection for the information systems while still allowing the attainment of business objective and preserving the integrity, availability and confidentiality of the information resources.
Signature or anomaly based detection, Network Intrusion Detection/Prevention Systems (IDS/IPS) monitor computer network traffic and attempt to identify, alert, and present all anomalous activity to the protected hosts. Traditionally, IPS and IDS systems depend on signatures to operate. Because of this, it is extremely important to tune the IPS/IDS device accordingly and to develop policies and procedures to continuously update the signatures. By default, devices will be configured to download and implement signature updates automatically. On request specific procedures can be arranged.
Availability monitoring of the firewall and other security network related security components.
Incident Management, second level support, and the Request and Change Management concerning configuration changes: add, change, disposal (charged in T&M – standard change list):
Call intake / service desk activities (1st line) are at <klant> site or Cegeka.
Incident and problem management includes the creation and follow up of tickets at vendors / constructors if applicable. This implies that a valid maintenance contract (break and fix) is available.
Also included is asset management. All Configuration Items are stored in the Cegeka CMDB. The firewall and other network related security components devices and functionality is monitored proactively by a central monitoring system in the Cegeka datacenter in terms of performance, errors and capacity. In case of problems or abnormal circumstances, the systems will be supported remotely.
Scope
The scope of the Firewall Security service covers the management of all active and manageable physical firewalls and other network related security components. 
Cegeka’s service desk Services are mandatory to deliver this Remote LAN Management Service.
Optional feature to this service
The following feature(s) are considered to be optional features to this service:
Hardware maintenance contracts
Hardware refresh and the design aspects of the Firewall/Security setup.

Conditions
The Cegeka managed services personnel needs to have network access to the Firewall/Security device.
The Cegeka managed services personnel needs to have a login with full administrative access to the Firewall/Security device.
Dependencies
Mandatory: “Service Desk” (2nd line)
Location
The service can be delivered for all Client locations and the Cegeka datacenters.
Ownership
The equipment is being owned by <klant> (or in a lease construction)
Service reporting
Reports as part of the monthly service review: availability in the general SLA report.
Responsibility

Service Part number(s)
O.0390_0020_0020_A_S.000 Management dedicated platforms -Firewall Security
Anti-virus
Introduction
This Service ensures the security of the operating system against malware, viruses and rootkits. It also protects the managed Windows Workplace service from threats at the network level.
The anti-virus agent handles scanning of local file systems during read and write operations. The agents are installed on the workplace and the Windows backend servers. The centrally managed anti-virus solution automatically deploys updates to each agent and provides an overview over the agent status and events. 
The anti-virus service manages the components of the anti-virus infrastructure in the Cegeka datacenters. By enabling this solution, the anti-virus clients, even when connected via internet, will be updated by the latest anti-virus definitions from the centrally managed solution.
The update of the agent will follow the existing “Windows update patching mechanism” and will go through the Standard Change process with a fixed deploy governance.
Service description
Standard Services
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
The hardware of the anti-virus platform;
The anti-virus software and licenses on device level; 
Management of the anti-virus solution;
The definitions incorporated in the anti-virus software;
The follow up in case a device is infected with a virus. Every alert will be registered at the service desk at appropriate priority level;
The anti-virus IDS operates on every machine in an enterprise where the anti-virus agent is installed by analysing network packets targeted at the network node and comparing them with signature database entries. An IDS helps identify attacks and probes by monitoring traffic for attack signatures that represent hostile activity.
Optional services
This service does not contain any optional services.
Out of scope
N/A
Conditions
This Service does not require any explicit conditions to be met.
Responsibilities
Service Part number(s)
n/a is included in the OS Management Service 
WAN/LAN Encryption
Introduction
Cegeka delivers (with subcontractor Arcadiz) LAN/WAN encryption on layer 2 level based on AES256 encryption. 
Service description
Standard services
Housing of  the Encryption equipment in the Cegeka Datacenters.

Within the Arcadiz service:
Software Release Support (updates and upgrades)
Monitoring the encryption equipment 24x7
Automated NOC for Fault & Event Detection
Back office services to reproduce faults
Preventive Maintenance
Advanced Product Replacement (spare parts management)
Optional services
This service does not contain any optional services.
Out of scope
N/A
Conditions
Conditioned space with rack space on the customer side (near the demarcation points), access for installation and in the event of HW failures.
Responsibilities

Service Part number(s)
O.0455_0010_0010_M_E.000 WAN (Internal Fiber) Encryption
Vulnerability scanning
This chapter is considered to be a draft outline and will be discussed in a workshop if <klant> decides to implement this solution. 
Introduction
Cegeka uses an automated SaaS security scanner that enables <klant> to diagnose external network vulnerabilities and secure sensitive data. 
The scanner examines network perimeters, identifies vulnerabilities and inventories actionable remedies, effectively preventing cyber criminals from penetrating <klant>’s network. By alerting you immediately upon detection of new threats, <klant> remains in control and can maintain business continuity.
Availability
The solution is a SaaS solution and therefore availability is covered by the SaaS vendor. 
The local appliance is a black box hosted on the virtual platform and thus can take advantage of VMware HA. This is a single node, but can be extend with a second node to provide a clustered setup.
Scalability
The solution fit internal and external networks of all sizes and can integrate with different appliances to increase scalability and span vast networks.
Performance
The solution is a SaaS solution and therefore performance scales towards the needs. No extra costs are involved.
The local appliance has its limitations but for the current scope it suffices.
Manageability
The solution uses role-based user administration
two-factor authentication log-in is possible, but not provided in the standard offering
AD integration is possible
Backup & Recovery
Backup of the SaaS solution is provided by the vendor
The local appliance is a black box and does not contain intelligence and is therefore not placed in backup.
Disaster Recovery
The solution is a SaaS solution and therefore Disaster Recovery is covered by the SaaS vendor. 
Service description
This service can be employed in two different setups:
External vulnerability scanning:
Scan originating from the internet to scan public IP addresses;
Gives an indication of the overall security of an environment 
(taking into account active security measures on all layers).
Internal vulnerability scanning:
Scan originating from within the private network to scan private IP addresses;
Uses a virtual appliance to scan systems directly;
Gives an indication of the security of one specific component (without taking the protection offered by other layers into account).
Responsibilities
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
Asset inventory: CMDB information verification/update/cleaning;
Vulnerability Management: Technical vulnerability assessment of network/infrastructure;
Policy Compliance: Evaluate and document compliance with our defined policies in detailed reports;
Table RACI matrix vulnerability scanning
Service Part number(s)
O.0410_0010_0010_A_S.000 Price per scan (per IP or per URL) external
O.0410_0010_0020_A_S.000 Price per scan (per IP or per URL) internal
O.0410_0010_0030_M_TM.000 Periodic scanning service support

Web Application Firewall
Introduction
Cegeka provides customer with a reverse proxy service, which also acts as an application firewall, which protects against various application attacks, including
AJAX/JSON web threats;
Layer 7 DoS and DDoS;
Brute force;
Cross-site scripting (XSS);
Cross Site Request Forgery;
SQL injection;
Sensitive information leakage;
Session high jacking;
Buffer overflows;
Cookie manipulation;
Various encoding attacks;
Broken access control;
Forceful browsing;
Hidden fields manipulation;
Request smuggling;
XML bombs/DoS;
The reverse proxy service also acts as a SSL/TLS termination proxy to handle incoming SSL/TLS connections, decrypting the traffic and passing the unencrypted requests to the application server.
Service description
Standard services 
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
Management of the application firewall and reverse proxy;
Generation of alerts in case of a security incident.

Optional services
This service does not contain any optional services.

Out of scope
N/A

Conditions
This Service does not require any explicit conditions to be met.

Part number
O.0440_0010_0010_A_S.000 Web application firewall - per VIP/tcp port combination (F5 ASM)




Secure mail
Introduction
For email servers that are hosted within the Cegeka datacenter, Cegeka can offer anti-spam and anti-virus measures to protect incoming and outgoing email. The service is based on Cisco IronPort
SPAM filtering is the process of determining whether a given mail is unsolicited and reacting accordingly by deleting, quarantining, tagging this mail. Virus scanning is running the files, attached to a mail through a virus scanner, and blocking infected mails, to prevent viruses from entering the network. Virus scanning uses standard available anti-virus software, which is embedded in the email security gateway.
SPAM filtering uses a number of different techniques to determine whether mails are legitimate.
Reputation filtering: each sending mail server’s ip address is given a reputation based on historical performance: the number of mails through this ip address, the amount of SPAM coming from this address, the number of blacklists this address is listed in, etc. This results in a number, the reputation score. Based on this score, different actions can be taken for mails (good reputation makes the mails pass, bad reputation blocks the mail. The Ironport Email Security appliances use the reputation service from Senderbase.org

b) 	Pattern matching: the appliances have an internal database of known words, phrases, that occur in SPAM messages. All mail is checked against this database, to determine whether they are SPAM or not. 
The customer can choose to use the standard policy configuration that Cegeka manages or can request to have a dedicated and specific policy to match (more or less stringent) requirements a customer has.
Service description
Standard services
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
Management of the platform and the anti-virus and anti-spam definitions
Management of the standard and specific policies

Optional services
Advanced Malware Protection

Out of scope
N/A

Conditions
The service may not be used for sending bulk (commercial) email. If a customer sends (or receives) bulk mailings that jeopardize the mail flow through the e-mail security gateway, the mail traffic of this customer will be throttled.
The customer must configure its servers or systems to adhere to SMTP guidelines and protocols when using the Cegeka service. When the e-mail traffic of a customer impedes the distribution of the e-mail traffic over all the available platform nodes, this customer’s e-mail traffic will be throttled. If Cegeka is responsible for managing the email server(s) of a customers, these demands are met by default.
The throttling is temporarily and only until the data flow traffic normalizes.

Part number
O.0450_0010_0010_A_S.000 Secure mail gateway (IronPort) - including 5000 emails (in and out)
O.0450_0010_0020_A_S.000 Secure mail gateway (IronPort) - additional emails (per 100 in and out)
Network Services
Datacenter LAN Services
Introduction
The datacenter LAN in the network for connecting and interconnecting the infrastructure.
Within the datacenter LAN, there are 2 sub layers:
Collapsed core layer
Access layer
The core layer is used for:
Interconnecting the access layer
Interconnecting datacenters
All equipment to the core is connected redundantly.
The access layer is used for:
Networking equipment (e.g. firewall services, routers, remote access, backup switches)
Endpoints, such as servers, blade chassis
Connections to the access layer can be through a layer 2 switched port or through a layer 3 routed port. 
Cegeka’s datacenter LAN design consists of a redundant Cisco Nexus 7000 series core switches. 
The same type of setup is deployed in the access layer. The setup consists of 2x 5000 series Cisco Nexus switches connected to 2000 series Cisco Nexus fabric extenders (FEX). Servers in the datacenter are always redundantly connected to two different fabric extenders. These fabric extenders are connected to different Nexus 5000 parent switches.
The access switches are LACP port-channels. This ensures redundancy via the aggregation of two physical cables into one logical connection. Blade switches are configured with link state groups. In case of an uplink failure in the core switches, the link status is propagated to the server connections in the chassis.
On the server side, all network interface cards are redundantly patched on separate access switches. 
An endpoint that requires 1 Gbps or less is connected to a Nexus 2000 switch. It is absolutely recommended to dual home the server by connecting it to the network by at least 2 cables. The network must be configured in an active/passive manner.
An endpoint that requires 10 Gbps or more is connected to a Nexus 5000 switch. In every other aspect, it’s the same as an endpoint that is connected at 1 Gbps. As a standard, the server shall be connected to the network by at least 2 cables. The network shall be configured in an active/passive manner.
Service description
Standard services
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
Management of the components of datacenter LAN infrastructure in the Cegeka datacenters. Components managed: 
Core switches;
Access switches;
Cabling and termination equipment (e.g. GBICs).
Delivery of the platform in the Cegeka datacenters to offer Ethernet on a physical carrier: 
Connect servers to the central switching infrastructure 
Divide networks in segments (VLANs)
Group multiple network ports in a link aggregate (trunking) 
Delivery of the following speeds, depending on server requirements:
1 Gbps/100Mbps
10 Gbps
Optional services
This service does not contain any optional services.
Out of scope
N/A
Conditions
The equipment must contain industry standard GBIC’s or Ethernet ports to be connected to the datacenter LAN. For servers that are sized by Cegeka, this is guaranteed.


Responsibilities

Service Part number(s)
O.0460_0010_0010_M_S.000 Network datacenter - Extra VLANs - per vLAN
O.0460_0030_0010_A_S.000 Server connectivity Rack - 1 Gbps Network ports
O.0460_0030_0020_A_S.000 Server connectivity Rack - 10 GBPS Network ports
Management dedicated platforms LAN
Introduction
Managed LAN services is Cegeka managed service which consist of the monitoring, management, maintenance, supervision, administration and planning of all functions relating to infrastructure and components of local LAN network. 
The Managed LAN service releases <klant> from the day-to-day management of the LAN infrastructure. Cegeka manages the LAN network on a remote (i.e. off-site) basis from our operation center, proactively fixing faults and keeping the service running. Cegeka also provides reports on the status of your network and informs <klant> about incidents that occur.
Service description
Standard features
The following standard features are included in this Service:
Availability monitoring of the switches.
Incident Management, second level support, and the Request and Change Management concerning configuration changes: add, change, disposal (charged in T&M – standard change list):
Call intake / service desk activities (1st line) are at <klant> site or Cegeka.
Incident and problem management includes the creation and follow up of tickets at vendors / constructors if applicable. This implies that a valid maintenance contract (break and fix) is available.
Also included is asset management. All Configuration Items are stored in the Cegeka CMDB. The LAN devices and functionality is monitored proactively by a central monitoring system in the Cegeka datacenter in terms of performance, errors and capacity. In case of problems or abnormal circumstances, the systems will be supported remotely.
Scope
The scope of the Managed LAN service covers the management of all active and manageable physical LAN components. 
The demarcation line is the starting point of the WAN infrastructure of the WAN service provider. The WAN connectivity (incl. routers) and management of the servers and desktops is not part of this service. These functions can be delivered via other Cegeka services.
Cegeka’s service desk Services are mandatory to deliver this Remote LAN Management Service.
Certain LAN Switches have network modules or network management functionality (e.g. load balancing, firewall, blade server, virtual chassis, etc.). The management of such functionality is not included in the LAN Service.
Optional feature to this service
The following feature(s) are considered to be optional features to this service:
Hardware maintenance contracts
Hardware refresh and the design aspects of the LAN setup.
Conditions
All switches must be manageable and valid maintenance contracts (break and fix) are available.
The Cegeka managed services personnel needs to have network access to the switches.
The Cegeka managed services personnel needs to have a login with full administrative access on switches.
Dependencies
Mandatory: “Service Desk” (2nd line)
Location
The service can be delivered for all Client locations and the Cegeka datacenters.
Ownership
The equipment is being owned by <klant>
Service reporting
Reports as part of the monthly service review: availability in the general SLA report.
Reports available upon request: Overview of switches managed by this service.
Responsibilities

Service Part number(s)
O.0460_0050_0020_A_S.000 LAN switch Advanced
Site-to-Site VPN Services
Introduction
The Cegeka offering includes Site-to-Site connectivity for customers or third parties towards the customer networks in the datacenter based on IPSec connections over the Internet (or when required, over WAN connections). Depending on the type of VPN tunnel and the number of tunnels required, Cegeka will either host the tunnel end-point on the customer dedicated virtual firewall instance or on separate VPN end-point hardware.
Both Policy Based and Route Based VPNs are supported. Note that with route based VPNs, it is possible to create high-available VPN connections (by means of secondary VPN connections that can be automatically failed over to in case of primary connection failure) and also to use these as backup to a primary (routed) WAN connection.
Service description
Standard services
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
Management of the VPN end-point hardware in the Cegeka datacenters
Configuration and maintenance of the Cegeka side of the VPN tunnel

Optional services
N/A

Out of scope
N/A

Conditions
This Service does not require any explicit conditions to be met.

Part number
O.0480_0010_0010_A_S.000 VPN Monthly cost for site-to-site VPN - Policy-based policy based
O.0480_0010_0020_A_S.000 VPN Monthly cost for site-to-site VPN - Route-based route based
Wireless LAN (AccesPoint)
Introduction
Managed Wireless LAN (AccesPoint) services is Cegeka managed service which consist of the monitoring, management, maintenance, supervision, administration and planning of all functions relating to infrastructure and components of Wireless LAN. 
Service description
Standard features
The following standard features are included in this Service:
Availability monitoring of the access points, based on alerts generated by a AccesPoint or WLAN controller; 
Incident Management:
Second level support;
Call intake / service desk activities (1st line) at <klant> or Cegeka;
Incident and problem management includes the creation and follow up of tickets at vendors / constructors if applicable. This implies that a valid maintenance contract (break and fix) is available.
Request and Change Management concerning configuration changes: add, change, disposal (charged in T&M – standard change list);
Patch management of the controllers and access points is provided on a pro-active level. The patching is executed according to the Change Management Process;
Also included is asset management. All Configuration Items are stored in the CMDB. The WLAN devices and functionality is monitored proactively by a central monitoring system. 

Optional feature to this service
The following feature(s) are considered to be optional features to this service:
Hardware maintenance contracts and the IMACD services (Installation, Move, Add, Change, and Disposal).
Hardware refresh and the design aspects of the WLAN setup.
Be able to encrypt the connection;
Have the possibility of authentication based on RADIUS;
Offer "guest access" through a personalized captive portal;
Use a management interface for issuing temporary accounts for 'guest access' on the basis of:
User id/password;
MAC address;
Be able to support QoS on the wireless network to enable wireless phone usage over the wireless network;
Be able to use Remote Access Points (RAPs);

Conditions
The service Wireless LAN manages the components of the Wireless LAN platform infrastructure. These components are:
Wireless controllers
Wireless access points, without physical cabling
The Cegeka managed services personnel needs to have a login with full administrative access and network access on the wireless controller (if available) and access points.
Dependencies
Mandatory: “Service Desk” (2nd line).
Location
The service can be delivered for all Client locations and the Cegeka datacenters.
Ownership
The equipment is being owned by the Client.
Service reporting
Reports as part of the monthly service review: availability in the SLA report.
Reports available upon request (T&M) and if supported by the configured tooling: 
Overview of access points and wireless controllers managed by this Service.
Traffic and throughput/ dashboards on latency.
Responsibilities

Service Part number(s)
O.0460_0050_0050_A_S.000 WLAN access point
Datacenter Interconnect
Introduction
The Cegeka datacenter connectivity service interconnects the datacenters. The Service is built using redundant Dense Wavelength Division Multiplexing (DWDM) devices. Eight Ethernet connections are configured on these devices. The interconnect lines are divided and managed by two separate Telco-providers ensuring the highest levels of redundancy. The four DWDM paths have a 100% geographical separated track. These paths have no components in common. The Ethernet and fiber channel connections have their own dedicated fibers. Both LAN and SAN have a dedicated bandwidth of 8 Gbps. 
In view of maximum redundancy and availability, all eight links are joined together into a multi-chassis Ethernet channel. In case of failure on one or more connections, the data traffic will be switched over immediately to one of the remaining connections.
The latency between the two datacenters is low. A roundtrip time of 2 to 4ms on the Ethernet connection and a maximum of 2ms on the fiber channel. 
Service description
Standard services
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
Replication of fiber channel and Ethernet (LAN extension).
Cegeka continuously monitors the used bandwidth and performs capacity trending to avoid future possible bottlenecks.
Optional services
This service does not contain any optional services.
Out of scope
N/A
Conditions
One stream can generate maximal 10 Gbps.
Responsibilities

Service Part number(s)
O.0470_0010_0100_M_S.000 Use of the Shared LAN Datacenter Interconnect (Hasselt – Geleen)
Loadbalancer Services
Introduction
The load balancing is performed based on Cegeka’s load balancing managed service. The setup consists of redundant F5 LTM controllers. The load balancing is capable of load balancing internal and external applications. 
Service description
Standard features
The load balancing service provides a platform to load balance applications, which are installed on servers in or outside the Cegeka datacenters. 
The Service consists of: 
The use of the load balancing platform;
The use of the management portal to: 
Activate or deactivate systems which are load balanced;
Consult load balancing statistics.
The load balancing platform is not limited to http/https based applications. Each application, which uses a particular TCP or UDP port can be load balanced. The application needs to be load balancing aware.
Optional services
This service does not contain any optional services.
Out of scope
N/A
Conditions
To be able to use load balancing, an active production connection with one of the Cegeka datacenters needs to be in place.
Responsibilities

Service Part number(s)
O.0490_0010_0010_A_S.000 Load balancing - per VIP/tcp port combination (F5 LTM)
Management dedicated platforms Load Balancer
Introduction
Managed dedicated Load Balancer services is Cegeka managed service which consist of the monitoring, management, maintenance, supervision, administration and planning of all functions relating to the infrastructure and components of the load balancer environment, 
Cegeka manages the loadbalancer components on a remote (i.e. off-site) basis from our operation center, proactively fixing faults and keeping the service running. Cegeka also provide reports on the status of the loadbalancer infrastructure and informs <klant> about incidents that occur.
Service description
Standard features
The load balancing service provides manages the platform installed on servers or appliances in or outside the Cegeka datacenters. 
The following standard features are included in this Service:
Availability monitoring of the load balancers
Incident Management, second level support, and the Request and Change Management concerning configuration changes: add, change, disposal (charged in T&M – standard change list):
Call intake / service desk activities (1st line) are at <klant> site or Cegeka.
Incident and problem management includes the creation and follow up of tickets at vendors / constructors if applicable. This implies that a valid maintenance contract (break and fix) is available.
Also included is asset management. All Configuration Items are stored in the Cegeka CMDB. The load balancer devices and functionality is monitored proactively by a central monitoring system in the Cegeka datacenter in terms of performance, errors and capacity. In case of problems or abnormal circumstances, the systems will be supported remotely.

Optional services
The following feature(s) are considered to be optional features to this service:
Hardware maintenance contracts
Hardware refresh and the design aspects of the load balancer setup

Out of scope
All <klant> initiated changes (requests) on the standard security policy are not included in this service


Conditions
All load balancers components must be manageable and valid maintenance contracts (break and fix) are available.
The Cegeka managed services personnel needs to have network access to the load balancers.
The Cegeka managed services personnel needs to have a login with full administrative access on the load balancers.

Part number
O.0490_0020_0020_A_S.000 Loadbalancer Services - Management dedicated platforms (Advanced)

Responsibilities

Internet access
Introduction
Internet connectivity is a standard managed service of Cegeka. The set-up of the internet connection is fully redundant on all layers. 
The Shared Internet connectivity service provides a platform to: 
Get internet access from the Cegeka datacenters (on IP-level);
Use NTP for time synchronization (URL: ntp.cegeka.be);
Management of the Cegeka public IP ranges;
Management of provider independent public IP-ranges that are transferred to Cegeka:
Client is member of RIPE NCC and will maintain its duties as a “LIR” (local internet registry). Cegeka will support Client with the remaining activities for the management of the public IP- addresses (e.g. relation with Cegeka’s ISP, AS (Autonomous System) number, etc.).
The service is protected against DDoS (Distributed Denial of Service).
Service description
The shared managed Internet connectivity service has no limitation on bandwidth used by <klant>’s, apart from the total available physical capacity. The usage is monitored and evaluated. The internet access consists of multiple Gbps internet connections. As soon as there is a not enough bandwidth available for the shared service, the bandwidth is upgraded.
The consumed bandwidth of <klant> will be monitored and invoiced based on the PxQ model where only the 95th percentile is taken into account on monthly basis. The bandwidth usage during a month is measured each 5 minutes. All these samples are ordered and the top 5 percent of measurements is discarded (to avoid charging for brief peak usage). The mark that is then the highest is used as the reference for the Internet usage charge. By discarding the top 5% there is on average about 30 to 36 hours a month of peak/burst usage possible without being charged for that.
Cegeka does not cap the bandwidth, to avoid incidents with respect to bandwidth shortage. Cegeka has more than sufficient bandwidth available to sustain the load of <klant>. A strict capacity management process is in place consisting of alerting on above 60% usage of our Internet bandwidth and additionally manually checked by an engineer each week. When we hit the 60% mark, an upgrade of capacity will implemented, to ensure sufficient capacity for the <klant>.
<klant> can bring its own Public IP addresses to the Cegeka cloud. As part of the migration the public IP addresses will be made available and announced that this IP address range is now available in the Cegeka datacenter.
Cegeka can provide public IP addresses to <klant>. This is an option in case the public IP addresses are owned by the current provider and cannot be migrated to the Cegeka datacenter. 
Cegeka uses Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) for the internet access with own public IP addresses which can easily move from one to another Internet provider. The Cegeka set-up consists of 2x2 redundant BGP routers to separate ISP providers. 
The Cegeka datacenters have their own AS (Autonomous System) number. In order to have an AS-number, a service provider needs to comply with many requirements. One of the requirements is that the connections are dual-homed with two independent internet providers. 

Standard features
The Internet connectivity service manages and administrates the components of the Internet connectivity service infrastructure in the Cegeka datacenters. These components are: 
BGP routers
IP uplinks to the telecom providers
DDOS Protectors and reporting
The traffic scrubbing street
Security Monitoring Service integration
The syslog feed will be sent to Client for retention requirements
The Cegeka Shared Internet connection has a dual layer protection against DDoS attacks. In the Cegeka datacenters there are inline anti-DDoS protection devices that can protect against non-volumetric DDoS attacks (e.g. attacks based on protocol level, like ACK attacks) and that block these attacks typically within 18 seconds or less. For volumetric attacks, Cegeka uses a scrubbing street. As this requires a BGP rerouting towards the scrubbing street, the time for this to take effect is slightly higher. Cegeka can re-route certain blocks of her IP addresses and only reroutes blocks that are under attack. The rerouted attack traffic is separated from the rerouted valid traffic by the scrubbing street and only the valid traffic is then provided to Cegeka. Due to the shared nature of the Internet connection, other customers under attack may influence <klant> and vice versa. In practice this seldom leads to issues and due to the use of the scrubbing street any impact is only short-lived. For reference, in the past two years Cegeka only activated the scrubbing street pro-actively (before any actual DDoS attack, based on market information and threat intel) 
When <klant> is under DDoS attack for more than 15 minutes, the scrubbing street will be activated.
In case of security incidents, Client will be notified according to the agreed incident management procedures.
Optional features
Cegeka can provide Client with public IP addresses. This is an option in case the public IP addresses are owned by the current provider and cannot be migrated to the Cegeka datacentre.

Conditions:
Cegeka reserves the right to remove specific systems from the shared internet connection (“black holing”) in case such systems are targeted by a DDoS (Distributed Denial of Service) attack or any other form of attack that may have a negative impact on the availability and quality of service of the shared internet service.
Responsibilities

Service Part number(s)
O.0500_0010_0010_A_S.000 Internet Monthly cost when usage is < 25 Mbps
O.0500_0010_0020_A_S.000 Internet Monthly cost when usage is 25 < x < 50 Mbps
O.0500_0010_0030_A_S.000 Internet Monthly cost when usage is 50 < x < 75 Mbps
O.0500_0010_0040_A_S.000 Internet Monthly cost when usage is > 75 Mbps
WAN Services
Introduction
Cegeka delivers (with subcontractor Eurofiber) the connectivity to our datacenters based on layer 2. Ethernet VPN connects your head office and the datacenters securely and flexibly via a customized private network. (after the transition only routed traffic on layer 3 is allowed). 
Service description
Standard services
The following standard features are included in the Eurofiber service:
Availability monitoring of the switches.
Incident Management and the Request and Change Management concerning configuration changes
Management of the E-LAN multi-point EVC configuration between three or more locations
Manage the configuration as a LAN configuration as an Ethernet Virtual Private LAN (EPP-LAN).
Premium - 99.9% guarantee on the bandwidth and minimum delay and jitter on your connections.
Scope
The scope of the Managed WAN service covers the management of all active and manageable components in the Eurofiber network. 
The demarcation For the Ethernet VPN service is the ODF placed by Eurofiber at the building entrance. The service is delivered as standard via a CPE (demarcation point) that is placed in the customer cabinet, with a maximum of 25 meters after building entry. Eurofiber is responsible for the cabling between the ODF and this CPE.
Optional services
This service does not contain any optional services.
Out of scope
N/A
Conditions
At Cegeka DC site this service requires 10GB access ports and in the running phase only layer 3 traffic is allowed.
 Responsibilities

Service Part number(s)
O. O.0510_0020_0010_M_S.000 WAN link Eurofiber ELAN The Rock AMS ‘Dual Homed’ to DC Hasselt and Geleen (4x 1GB premium)
Cloud Connect Services
Introduction
Cegeka delivers connectivity to almost all public cloud services. This Cegeka service is based on dedicated network connections over the Cegeka shared ExpressRoutes to the Interxion Cloud Connect
Interxion Cloud Connect is a layer 2 software defined network (SDN) that connects Interxion's datacenters across 11 European countries. It creates virtual point to point circuits from Cloud Connect ports to the Cegeka network. To maintain the security of the Cloud Connect platform, connection is only made over secure and private layer 2 networking.
Resilience is built in to the Cloud Connect service architecture. We use dual platforms for redundancy, installed in separate physical datacenters, network services diverse fiber feeds. 
Service description
Standard services
The Cegeka Cloud Connect Services provides a redundant dedicated network connection to the Interxion Cloud Connect Service.
Supported Cloud Connections:
Microsoft ExpressRoute
AWS Direct Connect Google 
Google Cloud Interconnect
Microsoft Azure Private Peering is default for Microsoft ExpressRoute
Scope
The Cloud Connect Service manages the components in the Cegeka Private Cloud and the redundant Connection between Cegeka WAN and Interxion.
Optional services
Optional Supported Cloud Connections:
Oracle Fast Connect
City Cloud Connect
IBM Direct Link
Tencent Direct Connect
Alibaba Cloud
Salesforce Express Connect
Microsoft Azure (former public) peering
Out of scope
The Public Cloud subscription is not part of this service.
Outages of the ExpressRoute service of Microsoft, caused by Microsoft, are out of scope of Cegeka.
Activities performance in the cloud tenant of the customer.
Conditions
Prerequisite: customer, Cegeka or 3th party needs to set up a Supported Cloud Connection (for example an ExpressRoute circuit)  in the  public cloud tenant of customer and provide service key in advance to Cegeka in order to successfully provision the service. 
 Responsibilities

Service Part number(s)
O.0510_0020_0020_M_S.000 WAN link redundant to Cloud Connect 500 GB (include rack & routing)

SSL Client-to-Site VPN Services
Introduction
The Cegeka offering includes remote access service based on SSL VPN. SSL VPN is the technological successor of IPSec as the standard for secure remote access to corporate applications. The remote access service provides a platform for the creation of client-to-site VPN tunnels and site-to-site VPN tunnels. The endpoint of the tunnel is customer’s network in the Cegeka datacenter.
7.3.2	Service description
Standard services
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
Remote access is enabled through the BIG-IP Edge Client, a standalone or web-delivered client, on Mac, iPhone, iPad, Windows, Linux, and Android devices.
Authentication with username and password
Authentication with certificates
Split tunnelling or forced tunnelling
Granular access on IP-level

Optional services
Two-factor authentication

Out of scope
N/A

Conditions
This Service does not require any explicit conditions to be met.

Part Number
O.0480_0010_0030_A_S.000 VPN Monthly cost for client-to-site VPN
Datacenter Services
Housing Services
Introduction
This Service offers a dedicated location for the installation of hardware in the Cegeka datacenters. In many cases this service is used for network equipment or is subject to other services used for specific applications, often license or workload driven (examples are: SQL clusters, workplace test systems and Citrix / VDI environments).
Service description
Standard services
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
The physical location for the Housing Infrastructure platform.
Access control and security of the housing infrastructure platform.
Climate control (heating, ventilation and air conditioning) of the housing infrastructure platform.
Electrical installation of the housing infrastructure platform (electric distribution, generator, UPS system).
Fire detection and extinguishers of the Housing infrastructure platform.
There are 3 availability zones (AZ): AZ1 and AZ2 in datacenter Hasselt, AZ3 in datacenter Geleen.
Optional services
Cegeka offers the possibility to host non-managed devices:
Housing in a standard cage and billed per logical rack unit.
Housing in a ‘green’ cage and billed per logical rack unit and electrical usage.
Out-of-scope
N/A
Conditions
The equipment must be industry standard 19” compatible.
Responsibilities

Service Part number(s)
O.0520_0030_0010_A_S.000 Collocation Tier 3-DC Geleen (NL) - 1U Rack and power
O.0520_0010_0010_A_S.000 / O.0520_0010_0020_A_S.000 Collocation Tier 3-DC Hasselt (BE) - 1U Rack and power

Microsoft Azure Base Service
Introduction
The base service includes activities provided by Cegeka to manage continuously the surrounding platform components consumed by application workloads, like monitoring, authentication & authorization, compliance, cost management & billing. The base service also includes the management of some platform resources like VNets, monitoring and global backbone incidents.
By default, the management services related to the base service are included in a single fee, accounted per tenant, independently from the amount of subscriptions or resources.
All base services activities include reporting. Reporting is based on a standard template and is delivered monthly. 
Automation
Cegeka leverages IaC (Infrastructure as Code) not only to deploy resources but also to keep them compliant with their configuration template during their lifecycle. IaC does not only increase the efficiency of initial resource deployment but also improves later configuration updates. Cegeka conducts configuration changes by changing the configuration template instead of changing directly the resource.
This approach provides multiple benefits: configuration templates are versioned so changes can be later audited, configuration templates also provide a global view on the entire configuration providing better insight about potential change impact.
Deployments are done according to best CI/CD practices and aligned with your processes.

Some of the different automation activities that Cegeka delivers are listed below.
Automation account
Create & manage Azure automation account
VM patching
Automate Azure VM patching based on Azure update management
Manage Update Management components
Log Analytics agent for Windows or Linux
PowerShell Desired State Configuration (DSC) for Linux
Automation Hybrid Runbook Worker
Microsoft Update or Windows Server Update Services (WSUS) for Windows machines
Check assessment results
Manage update schedule
Check update results
Reporting
Configuration & compliance management
Configuration compliance is automated => cfr compliance paragraph
Storage lifecycle
Automation of blob storage tiering based on lifecycle policies
Alerting
Enable & manage alerts automatically triggered in different circumstances (cfr monitoring chapter)
Automated deployment: templates/blueprints
The deployment of every resource is done based on IaC (Infrastructure as Code) using templates & blueprints
These templates & blueprints are securely (RBAC) and consistently (versioning) managed
Custom automation
Cegeka can deploy many other custom automation processes based on specific needs

RBAC
RBAC (Role Based Access Control) is the name given to the process regulating the permissions granted to users with regards to Azure resources. These permissions define the actions that a user is allowed to perform (ex: read only, configuration modification, switch on/off,…) on Azure resources. These permissions are resource specific so a user can have reader rights on a set of resource, owner rights on other resources and no right on the rest.
The RBAC management activity consists in continuously reviewing the state of these permissions, providing recommendations and modifying these permissions upon request.
Services
Review permissions configurations
RBAC roles aligned with least privilege principle (reader/contributor/owner)
RBAC scopes (resource-scoped Vs global rights)
MFA on privileged accounts (or all accounts if desired)
Review activity
Risky users & sign-ins (Identity Protection)
Report and provide recommendations
Remarks
Recurring activities based on AAD PIM feature (access reviews, identity protection) requiring AAD Premium P2 licenses
Custom pricing available on-demand in other cases
Governance and organization
Over time, as consumption scales, Azure resources tend to proliferate and could become hardly manageable without appropriate governance and organization.
The Cegeka resource/subscription management service ensures that Azure resources remain organized based on a pre-defined structure, for instance based on use case, delegation model or customer internal organization. This service also simplifies other daily operations by keeping resources conform with a predefined tagging and naming convention. Finally it ensures further scalability by checking that sufficient room remains compared to Azure limits and initiating pro-active actions when limits are getting close.
Services
Enforce compliancy of:
Azure regions and zones use (compliancy with predefined choices)
Azure tags
Naming convention
Resource SKU’s
Provide recommendations


Security best practices
The base service includes the management of globally applicable security mechanisms based on global tools (individual security components or configurations are covered separately). Essentially the service focusses on managing security tools like Microsoft Defender for Cloud, Azure DDoS and Azure advisor as well as ensuring that Cegeka and Microsoft security best practices are applied.
Services
Review information and alerts provided by
Microsoft Defender for Cloud free tier
Azure Advisor security recommendations
Review compliance with Cegeka security best practices
Provide recommendations
Networking
The VNet service includes the management of Azure networking resources providing basic connectivity inside Azure. Components providing advanced functionalities (LB, Application gateway,…) or connectivity outside of Azure are covered separately.
Covered components
Virtual Networks (including hub & spoke topologies)
Subnets
IP plan
NSGs
Services
Ensure that VNet components remain aligned with Cegeka best practices
Ensure that the IP plan remains well-structured and provides enough addressing space
Cleanup  orphaned routing tables
Cleanup orphaned spokes
Cleanup orphaned NSGs
Troubleshoot NSGs
Troubleshoot routing tables
Troubleshoot peerings 
Service Health
Service health provides a personalized view of the health of the Azure services and regions you're using. This is the best place to look for service impacting communications about outages, planned maintenance activities, and other health advisories because the authenticated Service Health experience knows which services and resources you currently use.

The management and resolution of backbone level incidents is included in the base service package. Backbone incidents include incidents not related to an individual resource like zonal/regional unavailability.
Billing
Cegeka provides billing services for the Azure consumption of CSP customers. This service is included inside the base service package. This doesn’t mean that the base service price includes Azure charges but that these Azure charges can be billed by Cegeka, jointly with other Cegeka services.
Monitoring
An Azure environment can be monitored by different tools but Cegeka by default uses Azure Monitor due to its native and deep integration with other Azure services.
Azure monitor provide an extensive set of functionalities allowing to gain visibility on the health and historical behaviour of Azure resources, including:
Health and status visibility
Log retention and analysis
Alerts
The activities included in this service being influenced by the amount and diversity of Azure resources, its price is included inside individual components.

This service includes the integration into the Cegeka Monitoring platform. This is needed to make sure alerts are triggered and the operational support people are informed immediately.
Services
Maintain alerts (otimize, repair…)
Respond to Service Health
Use Activity Logs for insights in resource-level events
Integrations
This service includes the integration into the Cegeka support platforms. This is needed to support and manage the environments with our engineers and architects, in an efficient and secure way. 
You also get access to our incident management portal to allow incident creation and follow-up on support tickets.
Compliance
Azure offers a lot of new possibilities. The breed of possibilities may introduce a challenge to keep resources compliant without reducing choice freedom. 
Cegeka helps solving this issue by decoupling compliancy from design. The compliancy service consists in managing a predefined set of compliancy rules and to leverage Azure policy to continuously monitor the compliancy state of deployed resources with the predefined rules. 
Services

Review Azure resource hierarchy compliancy
Management groups and subscriptions
Review compliancy CIS LVL1, CIS LVL2 policies
Review Security Posture for Azure
Review automated remediation actions (if applicable)
Cost management
As Azure environments scale, it remains important to keep consumption under control, traceable and manageable. Azure environments are typically used to host applications from different company departments and cost centers. Cegeka cost management leverages different Azure tools to help customers understand their consumption, keep it under desired limits and enable cost allocation, chargeback or showback strategies.
Services
Alert on predefined consumption budgets
Review expiring Azure reservations

Cost Optimization
Azure offers multiple ways to consume its resources and the charges also generally depend from the use duration or sizes of selected resources. Consequently, it is important to keep azure consumption aligned with real needs.
The cost optimization service of Cegeka is meant to optimize the consumption by continuously scanning deployed resources, providing optimization recommendations and reduce charges.
Services
Identify unused resources
Identify oversized resources via Azure Advisor
Evaluate consumption models:
Pay As You Go vs reservations
Evaluate licensing optimisations through Azure Hybrid Benefit
Evaluate usage of Resource Snoozing on cost
Evaluate usage of Autoscaling on cost

Microsoft Azure Individual Components
Besides the base service Cegeka delivers several other services for Microsoft Azure. Typically these services matches the services delivered by Microsoft. Cegeka performs additional services in this regard.
Azure VMs
Azure virtual machines like traditional VM’s provide full control on inner content (operating system, application & configuration) to administrators. However, while they do not compare with platform features built in other PaaS offerings, Azure VM’s offer more features than traditional VM’s and Cegeka can manage these features making Azure VM’s more cloud native.
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Troubleshoot VM related Backup and restore issues
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management
Monitor Encryption keys (if applicable)
Addon: Site Recovery
A prerequisite for this add on is that an existing Disaster Recovery Plan is in place.
Include VM in DR-Plan
Monitor replication of VM 
Manage agent health
Keep agent up to date
Remarks
Some features are covered by others services
Network & Network Security Groups: included in the base service
Operating system management: separate service

Storage accounts
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Monitor Encryption keys (if applicable)
Azure Bastion
Azure Bastion provides secure and seamless RDP/SSH connectivity to all virtual machines in a VNet, directly in the Azure portal over TLS. With Azure Bastion, virtual machines do not need a public IP address and their RDP/SSH ports is not exposed to the outside world. Azure Bastion provides access to the virtual machine directly from the Azure portal without additional client, agent, or piece of software.
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
AKS (Azure Kubernetes Service)
While containers exist since a long time, they gained more substantial adoption over the last years. During this period of wider adoption, different container orchestration platforms co-existed for a while but Kubernetes reached the highest consensus and is now considered as the standard container orchestration platform, among other thanks to its ability to preserve container portability across on-premises and multi-cloud environments (in contrast to other proprietary solutions).
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Defender for containers

App service
Azure App service allows users to easily deploy, build and scale web apps created with .NET, .NET Core, Node.JS, Java, PHP, Ruby or Python, in containers or running on any operating system. 
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Yearly certificate renewal
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)
Azure cache for Redis
Azure Cache for Redis is a fully managed, in-memory cache that enables high-performance and scalable architectures. Use it to create cloud or hybrid deployments that handle millions of requests per second at sub-millisecond latency – all with the configuration, security and availability benefits of a managed service.
While most databases store data on slower, disk-based storage, Azure Cache for Redis stores data in memory. Since memory is significantly faster than disk storage, data can be written and retrieved much more quickly.
Adding Azure Cache for Redis can increase data throughput by over 800 percent while increasing latency performance by over 1,000 percent at a cost-effective price. It’s a great way to efficiently scale applications and improve user experience without the expense of rearchitecting your underlying database.
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)

Logic App
Like Azure Function, Logic App also helps developers to build modern application architecture. Logic App provides  an orchestration platform to build automated workflows. Logic App provides extensive built-in connectors with third-party (Salesforce, SAP, Oracle, Twitter,…) or Microsoft (O365, Dynamics, BizTalk, Azure,…) services for simple enterprise integration services. It is not only serverless but also requires no code at all. Cegeka can help developers to adopt this kind of patterns by offloading non application-level activities, allowing developers to focus on the business and application logic.
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)
Azure Function
Azure Function allows modern application architectures to be created, including patterns like event-based processing, microservices, LowCode (leveraging built-in features & integration), serverless, auto-scaling, cloud native (platform integration)… Cegeka can help developers to adopt this kind of patterns by offloading them from non application-level activities, allowing them to focus on the business and application logic.
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)
Azure Files
Azure files allows organizations to host SMB or NFS file shares in the cloud without managing server infrastructure. 
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)

 Azure Queues
Azure Queue Storage provides storage for large numbers of messages. Messages can be accessed from anywhere in the world via authenticated calls using HTTP or HTTPS and queues can scale very high (millions of messages). Messaging services are used to decouple applications, providing scalability based on asynchronous processing. Azure Queues is a simple messaging service providing very high scalability and complementing more advanced messaging solutions of Azure like Event Grid & Service Bus.
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)

Azure Tables
Azure Table storage provides structured NoSQL data storage, providing a key/value store with a schema-less design. Because Table storage is schema-less, it's easy to adapt data structure as application needs evolve. While Azure Table provides a simple and cost efficient NoSQL table storage, it could be at term be replaced by Azure Cosmos DB Table API.
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)

Azure SQL
Azure SQL provides a PaaS platform to host SQL workloads. It provides different form factors with different customization and compliancy levels with on-premises workloads, including SQL managed instances, SQL databases & elastic pools.
The service described below focusses on managing the functionalities provided by Azure SQL allowing to host SQL workloads, it does not include pure database management.
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)

 Azure Database for MySQL
Azure Database for MySQL provides a PaaS platform to host MySQL workloads. It provides multiple tiers and consumption model like reservations or PAYG.
The service described below focusses on managing the functionalities provided by Azure to support and integrate Azure Database for MySQL and to keep it safe and secure, it does not include pure data management tasks.
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)

 Azure Database for PostgreSQL
Azure Database for PostgreSQL provides a PaaS platform to host PostgreSQL workloads. It provides multiple tiers and consumption model like reservations or PAYG.
The service described below focusses on managing the functionalities provided by Azure to support and integrate Azure Database for PostgreSQL and to keep it safe and secure, it does not include pure data management tasks.
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)

 Azure Database for MariaDB
Azure Database for MariaDB provides a PaaS platform to host MariaDB workloads. It provides multiple tiers and consumption model like reservations or PAYG.
The service described below focusses on managing the functionalities provided by Azure to support and integrate Azure Database for MariaDB and to keep it safe and secure, it does not include pure data management tasks.
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)

 Azure Cosmos DB
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)

 Azure container registry
Azure container registry provides storage and management for container images. It integrates closely with different other Azure services like AKS, App Service and Azure pipelines but can also be used with third party products like Docker Swarm, DC/OS,…
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)
Check unused container images
Azure Key Vault
Azure Key Vault provides a central location to securely store keys, passwords, certificates, and other secrets, eliminating unsafe practices like storing credentials inside application code, blob storage or developer files,… 
Azure Key Vault features multiple layers of redundancy to make sure that keys and secrets remain available to application even if individual components of the service fail.
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)
Azure Site Recovery
Azure Site Recovery (ASR) provides disaster recovery service, typically between two Azure regions but it can also recover on-premises VMs to Azure or to another on-premises datacenter. ASR restores VMs based on recovery points which can be of two types: crash-consistent and app-consistent recovery points. Crash-consistent recovery points only include disk data while app-consistent ones also include memory data flushed by the application at snapshot time. If desired, ASR can also automatically deploy the target environment (subscription, resource group, vnet, storage account, replica managed disks, availability zones & availability sets). Target VMs are only created when a failover is initiated (avoiding useless charges). By default, the failover occurs manually (single click/cli command) but could be scripted if trigger conditions can be clearly identified.
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)
Manage recovery plans (test & production plans)
Yearly execution of a test recovery plan (without production impact)
Azure DNS
Azure DNS is a hosting service for DNS domains that provides name resolution by using Microsoft Azure infrastructure. By hosting your domains in Azure, you can manage your DNS records by using the same credentials, APIs, tools, and billing as your other Azure services.
Azure DNS consists in a global network of DNS name server allowing Azure to offer a 100% SLA on DNS request resolution. Azure DNS can host private and public domains. In the case of private domains, Azure DNS also provides auto-registration of Azure VMs located in a VNet (auto-registration applies to a single VNet).
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)

Azure S2S VPN Connection
An Azure site-to-site VPN connection is a virtual private network (VPN) connection between an on-premises network and an Azure Virtual Network (VNet). This connection allows traffic to flow securely between the on-premises network and the VNet in Azure over the internet.
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)

Azure ExpressRoute (optional)
Azure ExpressRoute (ER) provides a dedicated connection between Microsoft cloud (including Azure and O365 services) and a telecommunication provider extending the connectivity to a final point, typically a customer location. An ExpressRoute is an alternative to Internet providing dedicated bandwidth and private connectivity (non encrypted by default). It can be combined with a VPN gateway or another ExpressRoute to provide high-availability.
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)
Azure CDN
Azure CDN provides content delivery acceleration to end users thanks to Azure worldwide network and by leveraging the closest POP to serve user requests. Azure CDN accelerates both static and dynamic content delivery. Static content can be cached and be subsequently served locally from the closest PoP (offloading also central back-end resources). Dynamic content delivery can also be accelerated by leveraging Microsoft backbone from the closest PoP to the backend resource (instead of the Internet backbone) and by leveraging smart routing optimizations.
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)

Azure Load Balancer
An Azure Load Balancer improves application performance and high-availability by distributing client requests between a set of equivalent servers and by continuously checking their health. An Azure Load Balancer helps applications to scale horizontally and remain available in case of local failure or outage impacting an entire availability zone.
Moreover, Load Balancer belongs to the rich suite of Azure load-balancing solutions and is specially meant for L4 load-balancing in a single region, other solutions are available for single region L7 load-balancing (Application gateway) and for multi-region HTTP(S)/DNS-based load-balancing (respectively Front Door and Traffic Manager).
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)
Azure Application Gateway
An Azure Application Gateway provides the same application performance, scalability and high-availability as a Load Balancer but it also provides additional benefits by its ability to process L7 (HTTP/HTTPS) attributes. An application Gateway is able to make optimal routing decisions based on HTTP(S) URI, headers or query strings. It is also able to terminate TLS sessions, providing data encryption in transit. It is also able to make deeper evaluation of the health of backend resources, including their ability to properly answer HTTP or custom probes. Finally an Application Gateway can optionally be used as a WAF or as an ingress for AKS.
Moreover, Application Gateway belongs to the rich suite of Azure load-balancing solutions and is specially meant for L7 load-balancing in a single region, other solutions are available for single region L4 load-balancing (Load Balancer) and for multi-region HTTP(S)/DNS-based load-balancing (respectively Front Door and Traffic Manager).
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)

Azure Traffic Manager
Azure Traffic Manager is a DNS-based traffic load balancer. This service allows you to distribute traffic to your public facing applications across the global Azure regions. Traffic Manager also provides your public endpoints with high availability and quick responsiveness.
Traffic Manager uses DNS to direct the client requests to the appropriate service endpoint based on a traffic-routing method. Traffic manager also provides health monitoring for every endpoint. The endpoint can be any Internet-facing service hosted inside or outside of Azure. Traffic Manager provides a range of traffic-routing methods and endpoint monitoring options to suit different application needs and automatic failover models. Traffic Manager is resilient to failure, including the failure of an entire Azure region.
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)

Azure Firewall
Azure Firewall complements the network filtering function provided by Network Security Groups (NSGs) by adding a few additional benefits including: central management, fully stateful firewall, NAT, FQDN filtering, Threat-intelligence filtering (based on malicious IP and domains). Compared to third-party solutions, it also provides native high-availability and unrestricted scalability.
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)



Azure Service Bus
Service Bus provides message brokering services allowing application components to be decoupled and still communicate efficiently and whatever their location, in Azure or on-premises. It supports modern application architecture by enabling asynchronous messaging, transaction processing (with ordered delivery) and consumer load-balancing.
Cegeka can help developers to adopt this kind of patterns by offloading them from non application-level activities, allowing them to focus on the business and application logic.
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)

 Azure Analysis service
Built on SQL Server Analysis Service (SSAS), Azure Analysis Service is a serverless and cloud native data modelling service to analyse and combine data from multiple sources.
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)

 Azure Automation Account
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)

 Azure Databricks
Azure Databricks is a cloud native deployment of Spark based analytics
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)

 Azure Data factory
Built from SQL SSIS, Azure Data Factory is a cloud native service to build & run data integration pipelines, including ETL or ELT processing. This service allows raw big data from multiple sources to be cleaned and centralised for further processing or analysis.
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)

 Azure Data lake storage
Data Lake Storage builds on blob storage and extends its native features and benefits (cheap, massively scalable and durable storage) to big data analytics use cases thanks to additional features like file system semantics and file-level security.
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)

 Azure Machine Learning
Azure machine learning allows a tenant to create a model in Azure Machine Learning or use an open-source model and run them in Azure.
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)

 Azure Purview
Azure Purview provides a holistic overview and governance service of a tenant data landscape, whatever the location of the data, including Azure, other clouds, on-premises and SaaS data. Governance services include among other data discovery, classification and lineage in general.
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)

 Azure Synapse Analytics
Formerly known as SQL data warehouse, Azure Synapse Analytics provides a complete big data analysis and integration platform. This includes data warehouse storage (based on Azure Data Lake), SQL & T-SQL distributed query service (including support for streaming data and machine learning models), Spark big data engine, ETL/ELT integration pipelines (similar to Azure data factory pipelines)
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)

 API management
API management provides a central point to expose APIs securely and at scale. It allows application owner to define API consumption policies like quota & throttling. It also simplifies API consumption by means of a developer portal for consumer onboarding (API documentation, interactive console, account creation, quota visibility,…) & productization. Finally it also provides mechanisms to control their lifecycle, including updates & visibility.
Cegeka can help developers to adopt this kind of patterns by offloading them from non application-level activities, allowing them to focus on the API logic.
Incident handling
Monitoring
Access control
Governance (resource hierarchy, tagging & naming convention)
Compliance review (when subject to non Cegeka-standard Azure policy rules)
Capacity management (tiering, node quantity,…)

Workplace Services
Remote workplace Services (Citrix)
The Remote workplace services is the service that manages the Central workspace infrastructure, a virtual workspace located at Cegeka’s datacenters and remotely available for end-users. This service manages the following topics:
Citrix as infrastructure for published applications/desktops;
Ivanti Workspace Manager Suite as desktop management solution (security and profile management). 
Introduction
To manage the user settings, Cegeka will use workplace management software. 
The following components are currently being supported by Cegeka:
Management center: centralized management of environment manager, application manager and performance manager roles in the workplace management software;
Environment manager: environment manager manages complex and diverse combinations of users, apps, and data across enterprise desktop environments;
Application manager: enables application entitlements which can be defined on a per-user basis based on factors such as location, device name, IP address, firewall settings, even time of day;
Performance manager: Key computing resources are now under IT's control by this application.
Service description
Standard Services
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
Configuration:
Managing of global configuration (global settings) for the environment manager, application manager and performance manager server roles;
Backing up, restoring and cleaning of application profiles (personalization) for environment manager;
Applying of environment manager polices (where <klant> provides environment related policies);
Applying of application manager rules (where <klant> provides application related security controls);
Managing of application (software) black/white list;
Managing of performance manager application settings.
Agent deployment:
Installation of environment manager, application manager, performance manager, client communication agents for clients/servers under service scope.
Security administration:
Managing of application security on per-user/ user groups bases per locations, devices, IP ranges.
Troubleshooting:
Troubleshooting of environment manager, application manager, performance manager related issues.

Optional services
Updating:
Patching and installing hotfixes to all workplace management components; 
Delivering cumulative updates;
Updating test environment.
Design:
Designing and testing new environment manager policies;
Creating of new environment manager policies;
Reporting;
Provide access to existing reports;
Publishing of reports for <klant>;
Creating any report based on generic workplace management software reports.
•	Application Packaging (New or updated applications):
See description under chapter 9.4.2. Workplace application service (Optional services)
Out of scope
N/A
Conditions
This Service does not require any explicit conditions to be met.
Responsibilities
Service Part number(s)
O.0580_0010_0010_M_S.000 Citrix General Services Silver incl. PVS patch management (max. 5)
Application launcher (Liquit)
Introduction
Cegeka provides <klant> end-user a one-stop-shop for accessing applications and IT resources. 
Cegeka realizes this through the use of application launcher. 
The application launcher allows end-users to seamlessly launch any type of application whether they are locally installed, streamed or published as Citrix applications. Integration with SaaS applications is available off the shelf.
Service description
Standard services
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
System management and administration, software configuration control and maintenance, event and fault monitoring, logging, alerting and reporting on solution layer for the central application launcher implementation in the Cegeka datacenter.
Operate and maintain the application launcher agents on managed systems.
System management and administration, software configuration control and maintenance, event and fault monitoring, logging, alerting and reporting on solution layer for the web portal.
Configuration of overall policies and global settings on the back-end.
Optional services
This service does not contain any optional services.
Out of scope
N/A
Conditions
This Service does not require any explicit conditions to be met.
Responsibilities
Service Part number(s)
O.0580_0010_0040_M_S.000 Liquit Application Launcher Management
Enterprise mobility management
Introduction
The smartphone service involves some combination of Mobile Device Management (MDM), Mobile Application Management (MAM) and Mobile Content Management (MCM). MDM focuses on locking down mobile devices, while MAM focuses on controlling which users can access which applications and MCM focuses on allowing only approved applications to access corporate data or transmit it.
This Service provides activities on all above combinations.
Service description
Standard Services
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
Mobile Device Management (MDM)
Manages and controls iOS and Android (including Samsung SAFE) devices;
Configures device policies and deploys them over-the-air;
Enforces built-in security features such as passcodes and device encryption;
Provides full loss and theft protection for lost or stolen devices;
Builds group-based compliance policies.
Mobile Application Management (MAM)
Securely distributes apps to individual users or groups;
Deploys iOS-managed, android and windows apps for added control over app data;
Blacklists apps that might be risky or time-wasting;
Supports enterprise purchasing of apps via Apple's Volume Purchasing (VPP).
Mobile Content Management (MCM)
Accesses content published from Enterprise Content store or from various cloud storage providers like Dropbox, Google Drive, Microsoft OneDrive, and various WebDAV compatible solutions;
Adding or editing documents, annotating on PDFs and filling forms support collaboration across the enterprise, regardless if you are in the office or using a mobile device while on the road;
Transparently encrypts each file, letting you rest assured that your documents and data remain safe—not just in the office, but everywhere your users go.

Optional services
This service does not contain any optional services.

Out of scope
N/A

Conditions
This Service does not require any explicit conditions to be met.

Part number
O.0560_0020_0010_A_TM.000 Mobile device management (Intune)
O.0560_0030_0010_A_TM.000 Mobile application management (Intune)
User virtualization
Introduction
To manage the user settings, Cegeka will use workplace management software. 
The following components are currently being supported by Cegeka:
Management center: centralized management of environment manager, application manager and performance manager roles in the workplace management software;
Environment manager: environment manager manages complex and diverse combinations of users, apps, and data across enterprise desktop environments;
Application manager: enables application entitlements which can be defined on a per-user basis based on factors such as location, device name, IP address, firewall settings, even time of day;
Performance manager: Key computing resources are now under IT's control by this application.
Service description
Standard Services
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
Configuration:
Managing of global configuration (global settings) for the environment manager, application manager and performance manager server roles;
Backing up, restoring and cleaning of application profiles (personalization) for environment manager;
Applying of environment manager polices (where customer provides environment related policies);
Applying of application manager rules (where customer provides application related security controls);
Managing of application (software) black/white list;
Managing of performance manager application settings.
Agent deployment:
Installation of environment manager, application manager, performance manager, client communication agents for clients/servers under service scope.
Security administration:
Managing of application security on per-user/ user groups bases per locations, devices, IP ranges.
Troubleshooting:
Troubleshooting of environment manager, application manager, performance manager related issues.

Optional services
Updating:
Patching and installing hotfixes to all workplace management components; 
Delivering cumulative updates;
Updating test environment.
Design:
Designing and testing new environment manager policies;
Creating of new environment manager policies;
Reporting;
Provide access to existing reports;
Publishing of reports for customer;
Creating any report based on generic workplace management software reports.


Out of scope
N/A

Conditions
This Service does not require any explicit conditions to be met.
Citrix management
Introduction
As part of the virtual workstation service Cegeka provides a virtual workstation which functions as a ‘desktop as a Service’. Furthermore, individual applications will be made available to managed devices through application virtualization.
Service description
Standard Services
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
Management of the Hypervisor layer used to host the Citrix XenApp Servers;
Management of the Citrix XenApp components;
Management of the provisioning server;
Minor platform updates;
Performance tuning and capacity planning of the Citrix Platform;
Capacity monitoring and management of the Citrix Platform, adjustments within the platform hardware boundaries;
Routine audits of the Citrix platform components;
Analysis of system logs, identification and proactive resolving of potential issues;
Documentation of system configurations; 


Optional services
External access to the Citrix Service;
Updates to the Citrix provisioning Image via the change management process;
Provisioning of new applications via the change management process;
Platform upgrades via the change management process.

Out of scope
N/A

Conditions
This Service does not require any explicit conditions to be met.

Part number
O.0580_0010_0010_M_S.000 Citrix General Services Silver incl. PVS patchmanagement (max. 5)

Microsoft 365 
Introduction
The Office 365 service includes the following components:
Management of:
Active Directory Federation Services management
AD Sync (DirSync)
Yammer DirSync
Office 365 Management portal that includes 
Exchange Online
SharePoint Online
Teams
OneDrive
Yammer
Monitoring
Reporting and CSI
Antivirus (includes antispam)
Backup in scope for the on premise components
Management of the Backup solution for cloud data


For the portal management, we have the following items included:
Get Service Health, Service Requests, Mail protection, Message Center;
View, bills, license, notifications;
Document the issues resolution and maintain knowledge base;



Service description
Standard Services

Optional services
(time and material or project-based activities) 
Functional End user support
Management of Active Directory outside the scope of ADFS and DirSync
Hardware and software procurement
Local network support
Training of users
Applications migration
Personalize SharePoint sites according to user preferences
Customize Login pages
Analyse and propose SharePoint solutions when user has any new requirement to be implemented
Implement any changes in methodology that SharePoint will bring
Issues related to the MS Outlook client configuration
Resolving issues with non-Out of the box product installations/features

Out of scope services
The currently defined service does not cover the following components:
Office applications
Project Portfolio Management
Business Intelligence Software
Information Rights management
0365 licenses

Conditions
This Service does not require any explicit conditions to be met.

Part number
O.0590_0010_0040_M_TM.000 Per mailbox - Office 365 mgmnt (ADFS, ADFS Proxy etc.)
O.0590_0010_0060_M_TM.000 PerS4B user - Office 365 mgmnt

Office 365 support Service
Introduction
With this Service users are able to have access to the following:
a mailbox for sending and receiving email and the use of the agenda functionality;
a personal drive for storing user data;
access to applications like SharePoint, Teams, Power BI.
Service description
Scope standard services
In scope of this service are activities performed using the Office 365 Admin Center as well as technical support. The service includes the following components:
Office 365 Identity and Access
Exchange Online
Skype for Business Online
SharePoint Online
OneDrive for Business
Yammer
Teams
General Services

Standard Services
Cegeka shall perform, but not limited to, the following activities as part of this Service:
Office 365 Identity and Access
In scope of this component are the following:
Cloud Identity management
Synchronized Identity management
Federated Identity and Single Sign On
The included activities can be found in the list below:
Troubleshoot Identity issues
Troubleshoot AD Connect synchronization issues
Create and maintain documentation
Manage users in Office 365 admin center
Manage MFA for Office 365
Manage Azure AD Connect
Manage ADFS
Manage Relying Party Trusts
Manage Certificates

Exchange Online
The included activities can be found in the list below:
Troubleshoot email issues
Create and maintain documentation
Manage email policies
Manage Online archives
Manage journaling
Manage mailbox delegation
Manage mailbox quotas
Manage retention policies, auditing, retention tags and journal rules
Manage mobile device access policies
Manage inactive mailboxes
Manage public folders
Manage Advanced Threat Protection
Manage mail encryption
Manage anti-spam
Manage quarantine
Manage mail flow
Manage disclaimers
Manage unified messaging
Manage hybrid configuration
Manage SPF records in public DNS

Skype for Business Online
The included activities can be found in the list below:
Troubleshoot Skype for Business Online issues
Create and maintain documentation
Manage external communication settings
Manage audio conferencing
Manage online meetings
Manage Office 365 URLs and IP address ranges
Manage federation between on premise Skype for Business deployment and Online deployment (requires TAM Skype for Business for the on-premises Skype environment)
Manage autodis cover
Manage logging
Manage SRV and CNAME records in public DNS

SharePoint Online
The included activities can be found in the list below:
Troubleshoot SharePoint Online issues
Troubleshoot AAM (Alternate access mappings) configuration issues
Create and maintain documentation
Manage SharePoint permissions
Manage the recycle bin
Manage SharePoint storage
Manage site collections and global settings in the SharePoint admin center
Manage administrators for a site collection
Manage external sharing for SharePoint Online
Manage site collection storage limits
Manage synchronization with OneDrive for Business
Manage limits and quotas
Manage retention policies
Manage hybrid picker

OneDrive for Business
The included activities can be found in the list below:
Troubleshoot OneDrive for Business issues
Manage user quotas
Manage access delegation
Manage access control
Manage data encryption
Manage external sharing
Manage auditing
Manage notifications
Manage syncing of file types
Manage retention policies
Use GPOs to control OneDrive for Business client

Yammer
The included activities can be found in the list below:
Troubleshoot Yammer issues
Manage Yammer internal Home network
Manage Yammer external network
Manage Yammer groups
Manage user lifecycle
Manage domain lifecycle
Manage content and security
Manage IP-range restrictions
Manage password policies
Manage data retention policies
Manage Directory integration

Teams
The included activities can be found in the list below:
Troubleshoot Teams client issues
Manage Teams Portal settings
Manage the auto-created Exchange Online group mailbox
Manage audio conferencing
Manage connectors
Manage conditional access policies

General Services
The included activities can be found in the list below:
Monitoring is in scope for the on-premise components only (e.g.: ADFS, WAP, Certificates).
Security components:
Manage Multi Factor Authentication for Office 365
Manage inactive mailboxes in Exchange Online
Manage self-service password reset
Manage group-based licensing
Manage Single Sign-On
Manage risk-based conditional access
Manage device access policies
Manage Data Loss Prevention across Office 365 services
Manage Exchange Online advanced threat protection
Manage mail and data encryption
Manage auditing
Not in scope
Functional End user support
Management of Active Directory outside the scope of ADFS and AD Connect (e.g.: Replication)
The installation, configuration and lifecycle management of client applications (e.g. Outlook, Teams client) is handled through the Software and OS deployment Services.
The currently defined service does not cover other components than the ones listed as in scope. Any other component that the vendor (Microsoft) will include in the future will be analysed during periodic service reviews.
Third-party backup tools or solutions for Office 365 Online components.
Conditions
A Cegeka Service Desk service must be present in order to deliver this service. 
OS management is required for the on-premise server roles (servers holding the ADFS, AD Connect and database roles).
AD Management is required for the ADFS and AD Connect servers.
Responsibilities
*reactive 
Service Part number(s)
O.0590_0010_0040_M_TM.000 Per mailbox - Office 365 mgmnt (ADFS, ADFS Proxy etc.)
O.0590_0010_0060_M_TM.000 PerS4B user - Office 365 mgmnt
Directory Services (User Service)
Introduction
Cegeka’s user Service is based on Microsoft Active Directory Technology. This Service gives the ability for end-users to logon and logoff to the corporate network or to a federated (cloud) Service. It identifies all resources on a network and makes them accessible to users and applications. Resources include e-mail addresses, computers and peripheral devices such as printers. The directory Service makes the physical network topology and protocols transparent so that a user on a network can access any resource without knowing where or how it is physically connected. This Service provides basic authentication for users & resources. 


Service description
Standard Services
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
Deployment of the different AD server components corresponding to customer’s non-functional requirements and agreed SLA’s;
DHCP management;
DNS management (non-public IP’s);
Management of security components for AD;
Capacity management of the directory service infrastructure;
Performance tuning of the directory service infrastructure;
AD software and patch management;
Routine audits of the directory services components;
Analysis of system logs, identification and proactive resolving of potential issues;
Directory Service infrastructure documentation;
Technical user management is in scope;
Technical Management of Active Directory Connect for SSO to web-enabled (& SaaS) applications;
Backup and restore.

Optional services
Federated identity management

Out of scope
User management

Conditions
The Cegeka managed services personnel needs to have a login with Enterprise Admin access on the entire Directory Services Infrastructure.
The Servers on which the Directory Services are implemented must be under the management of Cegeka.
The design and installation of the Active Directory Infrastructure must have been the responsibility of Cegeka. If this condition is not met, then the standard set of features may not be fully available.

Part number
O.0610_0010_0010_M_TM.000 Directory Service - Active Directory Service (incl. DNS & DHCP)
File Services
Introduction
File Services are required for personal or group file storage. The file service provides users access to the central storage medium.
Service description
Standard services
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services:
Manage file shares;
Manage file system security;
Manage DFS (name spaces, referrals);
Manage DFS replication;
Backup and restore of files;
Anti-virus service (including updates);

Optional services
This service does not contain any optional services.

Out of scope
This Service does not include the File Server environment itself.

Conditions
The availability of a system functioning as File Server.
A functional Active Directory.

Part number
O.0600_0010_0020_M_TM.000 File Services - Per user - 501-1000 users
Local Workplace Services (Image & OS Build Maintenance)
Introduction
The software distribution service delivers all activities required for packaging and distribution of all workplace applications and operating systems (Windows 10). What applications are packaged is agreed upon between <klant> and Cegeka. As part of this element of Service, Cegeka keeps track of what applications are part of the standard package for <klant>. Cegeka shall take care that at least the most recent security and vulnerability patches are installed for all software included in the image. By means of the software distribution service, Cegeka also facilitates the rollout of new releases, patches and service packs for the standard workplace image.
Service description
Standard Services
Cegeka shall be responsible for providing the following Services:
Detect & delete viruses on deployment servers (SCEP);
Monitor, manage & report capacity on deployment & management servers;
Install & configure discussed upgrades on deployment infrastructure;
Backup main deployment & management server;
Operate & maintain the software distribution workstation agents on managed systems;
Management of the software distribution workstation agents (install, remove, update) on managed systems;
Provide up-to-date list of authorized users, groups, profiles for each software package and application assignments;
Ensure software distribution for mandatory application assignments for authorized users, groups or business profiles;
Ensure software distribution for optional application assignments for authorized users, groups or business profiles;
Synchronization of software and images towards different distribution points;
OS management of the distribution point;
Optional services
This service does not contain any optional services.
Out of scope
N/A
Conditions
This Service does not require any explicit conditions to be met.
Responsibilities
Service Part number(s)
O.0560_0010_0010_A_TM.000 Image & OS Build Maintenance service - Fat client management
Remote access Service (Always-on-VPN)
Introduction
The remote access service is a service that provides remote access to the <klant> network for all <klant> end-user. 
This remote access functionality offers the <klant> employees the possibility to access (remotely) via the internet platform the <klant> network. The access is realized via Always-on-VPN.
Service description
Standard Services
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services: 
Monitoring, resolving issues & reporting on the Always-on-VPN solution.
Optional services
This service does not contain any optional services.
Out of scope
N/A
Conditions
This Service does not require any explicit conditions to be met.
Responsibilities

Service Part number(s)
O.0560_0010_0010_A_TM.000 Image & OS Build Maintenance service - Fat client management (Included in)
Workplace application Service
Introduction
Through the application service all customer approved workplace applications are managed and maintained. Cegeka is responsible for patching workplace applications and takes care that applications are up-to-date. Customer approval is required prior to the rollout of a new release, patch or service pack.
Service description
Standard Services
Cegeka shall be responsible for providing the following Services:
All applications will be installed through Cegeka’s service;
These applications are either standard client apps or business apps;
Users can request new software. Once approved, Cegeka supports in making the software available to the user through the application launcher;
Customer will indicate what workplace applications should be made available by means of an automated distribution and what workplace applications are part of the basic workplace image;
Cegeka carries out management of these workplace applications.

Optional services
This service does not contain any optional services.

Out of scope
Support for unauthorized applications installed by the customer end-user themselves is not part of the Services delivered by Cegeka.
Re-packaging applications.
Automatic updates are included, but no custom re-packaging

Conditions
This Service does not require any explicit conditions to be met.

Part number
O.0620_0020_0010_M_TM.000 Application Deployment Service (Per SCCM platform)

Mail and Calendaring
Introduction
Microsoft Exchange is our proposed solution for the messaging services. The messaging platform is integrated with the Active Directory, which provides a central administration model for the users.
All Exchange users will have their Outlook client setup to operate in ‘cached mode’. When users first log on to their mailbox, a copy of their mailbox is downloaded to the client creating an offline store (‘ost’) file. If you work offline, whether by choice or due to a connection problem, your data is still available to you wherever you are.
The Calendar function is a standard feature of Exchange. In collaboration with Outlook, users are able to schedule their free / busy time and share that information with other Exchange users. Resource mailboxes can be assigned for conference room booking with Exchange. A user locates the conference room name from the Global Address List within his / her Outlook client and schedules a meeting time against that room. These resource mailboxes are shared for all users giving any user the ability to see room availability.
Service description
Standard features
The service mail & calendaring consists of:
Installation, configuration and management of all Microsoft Exchange
Maintain documentation of the environment
Apply and maintain messaging & collaboration policies as specified by the customer (on mailbox sizes, archiving rules etc.)
Create, maintain and delete User accounts and mailboxes
Create regional administrative and service messaging accounts and assign roles to these accounts
Perform mailbox and mail item restores as requested by Users
Move mailboxes between regions, sectors, divisions, and groups
Design, or assist in designing, and implement an anti-spam strategy and policy
Create, maintain and assign rights to the Distribution Lists and Global Distribution List management
Optional features
Scan e-mail for viruses and quarantine affected message

Out of scope
N/A

Conditions
N/A
Microsoft 
Print Services
Introduction
The print service delivers the management and operation for the printer queues of all supported and contracted network printers, multi-functionals and plotters. The objective of this Service is to manage the local printing infrastructure from a technical perspective to support printing functionality for authorized users.
This Service includes the operational monitoring and administration for the print management service infrastructure. 
Service description
Standard services
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following services:
Print driver management: With this Service, Cegeka will deliver and install print drivers, for all different workplace versions and operating systems in scope; 
Print queue management: Cegeka will manage the different print queues, operating systems (of the central print management service infrastructure), software and other assets in order to provide seamless printing experience.

Optional services
Secure printing: PIN support & follow-me printing.

Out of scope
The provisioning of printers, multifunctional devices and associated supplies are not included in this Service.

Conditions
The availability of a system functioning as Print Server.
A functional Active Directory