


 
0 VERSION CONTROL
General

 
Version Control Table

Reviewers

Approval

Reference
Service Description
Service Summary
Cegeka offers technical and “end-user” support for already a long term. Cegeka has built up a valuable technical knowledge database and developed business methodologies based on best practices. With more than 9000 professional employees, Cegeka ensures optimal service for its customers.
Cegeka has more than 200 service desk agents staffing its shared service desk from our premises in Belgium (Hasselt and Leuven), the Netherlands (Zoetermeer), Romania (Bucharest) and Greece (Athens). Our service desk is staffed with agents supporting the languages EN, NL, FR, DE, IT & SP.
Cegeka considers the service desk as a way of organising user support in a structured and efficient manner while guaranteeing the continuity of the IT support provided to the user population. The service desk is the first point of contact for users. 
While the traditional service desk is based on the technical solution, the new generation service desk focuses on user empowerment and organises its services entirely dynamically in accordance to the business needs of the customer organisation and, more specifically, the customers’ employees. 
An excellent user experience is an intrinsic objective. The challenge of the service desk is in the way we set it up and in the extent to which the service desk can always (re)invent itself in the current, rapidly changing, organisational context.
What is the added business value?
The service desk is a ‘first point of contact’ for the end-users to gain access to the entire IT ecosystem of the organization. This also includes the different partners and service providers, working together in a structured and efficient way and to guarantee the continuity of services.
Self-service tools (portals, apps), digitization (RPA/chatbots) and automatic execution of requests for users are typically part of the service desk services. In order to maintain a clear demarcation, the scope of the current solution explicitly does not include second and third-line support as part of the service desk. Cegeka believes however, that the success of the service desk depends on the close collaboration between all stakeholders and continuous effort to keep improving the services delivered.
The new generation service desk puts its services fully in function of the questions or needs of the customer organization. The service desk's opportunities find themselves in the way it’s set up and the extent to which the service desk can constantly reinvent itself in the current, rapidly changing, organizational context and by aligning with the business needs.
An optimal user experience is one of the prime objectives. Digital transformation built on technological developments and new work concepts go hand in hand. Employees increasingly use mobile internet, powerful notebooks, smartphones, tablets, online portals, shared information flows, instant messaging and mobile business applications. As a result, they no longer think in terms of their physical workplace but in terms of their activities and tasks.
In this digital transformation, the ‘experience’ of a service is measured by an Experience Level and agreed in an Experience Level Agreement (XLA)
Increase quality and speed: shift-to-left
When users assess the service of the service desk, this is usually based on the speed with which the service desk correctly solves an incident, informs the user in the event of a major or planned disruption, answers a question or executes a request.
The aspect of 'speed' therefore requires specific attention: how to make the user more self-reliant by bringing knowledge and solutions to problems closer; the 'shift-left'.
To achieve this, simple or routine tasks, e.g. standard changes, can be automated and made available via a self-service channel (portal, chatbot). Specific attention is paid to making knowledge available to end-users via e.g. WIKI, FAQs or video training or assistance by the digital agent.
‘Shift-left' is not only an accelerator, but also contributes to the reduction of operating costs. After all, specialized help requires support from high-quality, highly trained, certified support staff.
In addition, we increase the added value of the service desk by assigning more responsibilities to primary care, providing additional rights, providing targeted training, keeping and enriching the knowledge database up-to-date, providing insight into the coherence of the various processes, and explaining the total solution and its connection to the customer organization. These actions all contribute to solving more tickets at the first contact.
Through tools such as an intuitive self-service portal, knowledge database and self-help training with video support, end-users can count on qualitative support 24/7 and according to the basics of the new way of working.


Increased end-user experience and satisfaction as a facilitator
Traditionally, the service desk end-user experience relies on many factors, such as:
interactions in their own mother tongue;
friendly and user-oriented mindset of the service desk agents;
first time right: getting helped in a timely manner;
transparent communication.
All of these are included by design or optional in this service. The modern service desk however goes even a step further and focusses on user empowerment.
The ability to be self-reliant for their own workspace. Any device, anyplace, anytime, any type of incident or request, gain access to the multitude of services his/her organization offers through a multitude of communication channels, whether it may be a personalized portal, phone or a real-life personal approach.
Multiple contact channels
Contact ability through a multitude of channels is inherent to a modern service desk. The end-user can, depending on his question, the time, location and the specific situation, contact the Cegeka Service Desk on different channels to get help quickly and efficiently.
In addition, Cegeka supports its customers to achieve maximum self-sufficiency for its end-user by empowering them with the right tools and promoting its usage. The perspective of the end-users should always be central to determine the user friendliness of the self-service solution. This will be a prime factor in the adoption of the offered solutions by the end-user.
A password reset or synchronization of data is something the end-user can do him/herself, just like ordering something from an online service catalogue or looking up an obvious answer, precisely because it empowers him/her it is fast. Above all, contact channels that increase the self-sufficiency of users should be simple, intuitive, unambiguous and without technical jargon.
Offering intuitive contact platforms in which solutions can be found in an intuitive way is not only more cost-efficient than a traditional service desk, it also increases the autonomy and satisfaction of knowledge workers. After all, they have access to the necessary information at any time and at any location.
Available contact channels:
self-service portal;
by phone;
instant messaging
smartphone app with their own personal portal;
Potential additional contact channels:
instant messaging with live/robot chat;
online knowledge database (FAQs + WIKI);
video training;
For the technology-based contact channels, the solutions it offers are mostly automated which guarantees a higher first line solution rate (if these automated actions result in a ticket) and a fast resolution time. However, these channels should not be considered as a replacement for the staffed service desk that users can call. They are only additional channels to provide immediate assistance.
Especially in case of acute problems, the user prefers to call a trained service desk employee. During a personal interaction this leads the end-user to a solution via targeted questions, efficient troubleshooting, screen takeover and possibly arranging an employee to solve the incident on the spot.
This multi-channel approach continues to evolve with technological advances around collaboration platforms such as video on demand, instant messaging, controlled acquisition of equipment, chat robots, virtual service desk agents, etc. 
Independent research shows that end-users are happier and more productive when a service desk offers a multitude of contact methods. Where personal contact scores higher in case of disruptions and self-service in handling standard IT requests.
Service desk as a hub for end-users
From an end-user perspective, the modern service desk is becoming more and more the hub of the entire support organization. I.e. not only IT related matters, but also facilities, HR, etc. The importance for a central point of contact becomes even greater when there is a multi-sourced landscape. As prime contact to this support organization of the company, the service desk is essential to employee satisfaction in general, to the quality of the integrated services and to the management and is therefore a crucial factor in the performance and productivity of the entire organization.
The most important characteristics for this integral approach by the service desk:
efficient collaboration with various support groups from Cegeka or customer;
acting from a thorough knowledge of the customer's business needs;
ownership in which the virtual organization in relation to the demand of the business is central.
Smartphone app version of the end-user self-help/ticketing portal
Customers primarily contact the service desk by phone because it’s accessible, simple and straightforward, but potentially not providing the best user experience. If the service desk cannot identify the user, automatically time is wasted by verifying the user's identity, additionally with the usage of cumbersome IVR's (interactive voice response) the problem area of the user is unknown and the call cannot be routed to the best skilled agent, nor can the agent be presented with an interaction history of the user etc. A "classic” phone call cannot present the user with a suggested solution to his problem before he gets hold of an agent.
Cegeka would like the user to keep an accessible, simple straightforward way to talk to a service desk agent but increase the user experience and efficiency though. While Cegeka is experimenting with AI voice-bots we consider this technology is not yet ready to be used on IT service desks.


Services
Standard Services
The following base services will be delivered as part of this service:
Catch & Dispatch Services

Catch & Dispatch Only – Automated – with follow-up
This service item uses the Cegeka Horizon platform & Digital Assistant to determine the context & content of the incident and automatically forwards the ticket to the correct resolver group within the Cegeka Infra Organization. The Cegeka Global Service Desk (CGSD) will follow-up on the ticket status and will take ownership of the ticket until resolve & closure.

After the ticket is created automatically into the Cegeka ITSM tooling and is redirected to the correct resolver group, the Cegeka 1st line Analyst will periodically contact the assigned engineer from tier-2 or tier-3 to get status update and update the ticket where necessary and overwatch the SLA.

Catch & Dispatch Only – Automated – without follow-up
This service item uses the Cegeka Horizon platform & Digital Assistant to determine the context & content of the incident and automatically forwards the ticket to the correct resolver group within the Cegeka Infra Organization. The Cegeka Global Service Desk (CGSD) will not follow-up on the ticket status and thus the resolver group has ownership over the ticket. This means that the follow-up will be done by the customer.

Catch & Dispatch Only – Non-Automated – with follow-up
For this service item, the Digital Assistant is not used. A Service Desk agent will do an intake of the incident issued using one of the contact channels (mail, phone or chat), create a ticket and  will dispatch the created ticket to the correct resolver group. The Cegeka Global Service Desk (CGSD) will follow-up on the ticket status and thus be the owner of the ticket until resolve & closure.
	
What the user is trying to achieve
Screen name or report name
Error or warning message displayed on the screen
Any log files, screen shots
Any data used or any sequence of steps used by the user

This information will need to be recorded into the Cegeka ITSM tooling and will be used to analyse the symptoms and define the problem or issue. The severity or priority will be based on an agreed Impact / Urgency matrix between CGSD, the Cegeka Business Line and its Customer. 

The analyst will then forward (dispatch) the ticket to the agreed resolver group in level-2 / level-3 from the Cegeka Infra Business Line and will periodically contact the assigned engineer from tier-2 or tier-3 to get status update and update the ticket where necessary and overwatch the SLA. The Cegeka Service Desk remains owner of the ticket until resolve and closure.
Catch & Dispatch Only – Non-Automated – without follow-up
For this service item, the Digital Assistant is not used. A Service Desk agent will do an intake of the incident issued using one of the contact channels, create a ticket and  will dispatch the created ticket to the correct resolver group. The Cegeka Global Service Desk (CGSD) will not follow-up on the ticket status and thus the resolver group has ownership over the ticket. This means that the follow-up will be done by the customer.

What the user is trying to achieve
Screen name or report name
Error or warning message displayed on the screen
Any log files, screen shots
Any data used or any sequence of steps used by the user

This information will need to be recorded into the Cegeka ITSM tooling and will be used to analyse the symptoms and define the problem or issue. The severity or priority will be based on an agreed Impact / Urgency matrix between CGSD, the Cegeka Business Line and its Customer. 
The analyst will then forward (dispatch) the ticket to the agreed resolver group in tier-2 / tier-3 from the Cegeka Infra Business Line. 

Catch & Resolve Services

Catch & Resolve - Automated C&D
The scope of this solution is the offering of a service desk 1st line support for designated users (end-user or IT professionals). This support relates to the Managed Service offered by the Cegeka Infra Business Line. The resolution & therefore the success of the support execution depends on the availability of the documentation, work instructions & procedures available to the Service Desk agents.
	
After the ticket has been created automatically in the Cegeka ITSM tooling, the first line analist will typically handle straightforward and simple problems using knowledge or diagnostic tools that it has been provided with.
The end goal for this group is to handle up to 50% of the user problems before it is necessary to escalate the issue to a higher level, however the extent to which this can be achieved depends on the knowledge that is made available to Tier 1 analysts. The higher level, tier 2 and/or tier 3 are for these services identified as the Cegeka Infra Business Line (internal resolver group). 

Analysts at this level have a basic to general understanding of the product or service and may not have the competency required for solving complex issues. Where first line support cannot resolve the issue, the issue will be assigned to the corresponding resolver group.

Catch & Resolve -  Non-automated C&D
The scope of this solution is the offering of a service desk offering 1st line support for designated users (end-user or IT professionals). This support relates to the Managed Service offered by the Cegeka Infra Business Line. The resolution & therefore the success of the support execution depends on the availability of the documentation, work instructions, and procedures available to the Service Desk agents.
	
Activities performed by the 1st line Support Desk

The first job of a level 1 analyst is to gather information from the customer: 

What the user is trying to achieve
Screen name or report name
Error or warning message displayed on the screen
Any log files, screen shots
Any data used or any sequence of steps used by the user

This information will need to be recorded into the Cegeka ITSM tooling and will be used to analyse the symptoms and define the problem or issue. The severity or priority will be based on an agreed Impact / Urgency matrix between CGSD, the Cegeka Business Line and its Customer. 

Once identification of the underlying problem is established, the analyst can begin sorting through the possible solutions available. This first line support will typically handle straightforward and simple problems using knowledge or diagnostic tools that it has been provided with.
The end goal for this group is to handle up to 50% of the user problems before it is necessary to escalate the issue to a higher level, however the extent to which this can be achieved depends on the knowledge that is made available to Tier 1 analysts. The higher level, tier 2 and/or tier 3 are for these services identified as the Cegeka Infra Business Line (internal resolver group). 

Analysts at this level have a basic to general understanding of the product or service and may not have the competency required for solving complex issues. Where first line support cannot resolve the issue, the issue will be assigned to the corresponding resolver group.

Optional Services
The following optional service can be added to the standard services as part of this service:
24x7x365 Support
The Cegeka Global Service Desk is able to support your organization, next to standard business hours and extended hours, on a 24x7x365 basis. The 24x7x365 support service window is also addressed in chapter 1.5.2 – optional Service Windows

ITSM integration
With the Horizon Integration Services, Cegeka offers an extensive experience in the setup of ITSM (IT service management) interfaces, which are in fact process interfaces or even data integrations. 

The Horizon Integration is a near real-time two-way integration of ITIL processes (such as incident, request, change, configuration management, …) between the customer’s ITSM tool (like CA Service Desk manager, ServiceNow, TOPdesk, JIRA, 4me …) and Cegeka’s Horizon, allowing organizations to work from a single source without switching between platforms.

By enabling the automated transfer of data, employees will not have to register data on both platforms, and they will be less prone in making errors in the process. Increased efficiency and productivity are key benefits of the Horizon Integration, introducing businesses to a more seamless collaboration with customers and suppliers. Using this mechanism, both parties can keep reporting the way they did before; without making any changes in that area.
Service Request 
A Service Request can be a
•	Request for a Standard Change
•	Request for a Standardized Change
•	Request for a Non Standard Change
•	Request for Information

Table below contains all Service Requests for this Service,



A Request for Information is not part of the Standard or Optional Services and will be charged as an Incident Ticket.

Detailed definitions of all Service Types can be found in the ‘Enabling Services Document’, cfr. Chapter ‘Relation to Enabling Services’.

Out of scope
Everything that is not explicitly mentioned in this service description is by default out of scope.
Service Characteristics 
Obligatory Services
The following service are Obligatory for this service to be delivered: not applicable
Prerequisites & Conditions 
This service has the following prerequisites and conditions before this service can be delivered:
Horizon platform or customer ITSM platform in place at customer
Optional integration with customer ITSM tooling (optional SKU)
Digital assistant questions delivered and uploaded in Horizon (Responsibility CGSD & CGK)
Escalation matrix delivered (Responsibility CGK)
Work instructions and/or procedures for first call resolution
OLA agreements between customers & third parties (depending SKU)
Licenses/Software available for screen take-over (optional)

.
Cegeka owned licenses and/or subscriptions
N/A
Customer owned licenses and/or subscriptions
N/A
Location 
This service is not delivered from one of our Global Delivery Center Locations
Ownership 
All automation used to deliver this service remains the property of Cegeka at all times.
Miscellaneous 
N/A
RACI Matrix
Listed below are the activities related to the Service; the activities RACI related to enabling services are listed in the Enabling Services Document.


RACI Role definition
= Responsible: Party responsible for performing the activity and/or achieve the task. One party is Responsible, although other Parties can be delegated to assist in the actual work if required. An Accountable must sign off (approve) on work that Responsible provides. Responsible is by default proactive.
= Accountable: Party ultimately accountable for the correct and thorough completion of the task and/or activity as performed by Responsible. For each task and/or activity maximum one Accountable must be specified. Accountable has the mandate to accept/dismiss on work provided by Responsible. Accountable is by default reactive.
= Consulted: Party to be consulted (whose opinions are sought in two-way communication) when performing tasks and/or activities. Consulted may also provide requirements on scope, result expectations, etc. Consulted is by default reactive.
= Informed: Party to be informed/kept up-to-date on tasks and/or activities (just one-way communication). Informed often only on completion of the task and/or activity. Informed no formal role in realization and therefore by default reactive.
Service Levels Management
Service Window
Table below gives an overview of the applicable Service Support Windows for each Standard & Optional service:

Service Level
Service desk response time
The service desk response time is measured via the call centre application of Cegeka. It tracks the time needed to answer incoming phone calls & portal tickets. It is an indicator of the responsiveness of the service desk.


(*) The IVR contains a general welcome message, however in case of a P1 or P2, Cegeka has the possibility to activate another IVR message providing details of the general issue towards an end-user before a call will be transferred to a service desk agent. This message does not contain a selection menu.
(**) 24x7 for P1 Incidents; for P2 – P3 – P4 Incident: Office hours support window applies.
Service desk abandoned call rate
The abandoned call rate is an indicator of the reachability of the service desk. This metric measures the amount of phone calls are abandoned by customer before speaking to a service desk agent.

First Call Resolution (FCR)


Service desk customer satisfaction
 (**) End-user expectations should be clearly defined on the customer portal.
(***) This Service Level objective is a shared responsibility. It depends on the information provided by customer , the level of user adoption, the level of standardisation of the workplace and the quality of the information on the end-user portal.
Service Billing
Measurement 

The quantity of each billing element is determined on a mentioned monthly basis, on the 1st day of the month:
the quantities for the standard service are determined by the number of tickes 
the quantities for the optional services are determined by :
Availability fee per customer – fixed fee per month
Integration fee per customer – fixed fee per month


Calculation / Billing 
The price(s) is/are determined in the pricing schedule where this Service is residing. The Service is billed per billing element:
price of each 'billing element' * quantity of each 'billing unit' as defined in the measurement
Standard Service Billing

Optional Service Billing


Service Request Billing

(*) Billing Method: 
Default: pre-agreed fixed price per standard change
T&M: Time & Material
(**) Approval Method:
Default: pre-approved by customer
Approval/CAB: separate approval necessary prior to execution

Relation to Enabling Services
To guarantee the Service quality Cegeka refers to the Enabling Services from the contract document set and their corresponding standard KPI's. The following table lists only relevant specifics regarding enabling services for the product. When in the table no specific is filled, this implies that the service adheres to the standards described in the Enabling Services document.
