
 
Table of Contents
Definition	3
1	Service summary	4
1.1	Services	4
1.1.1	Services Components	4
1.2	General design consideration for the SD-WAN Network	7
1.2.1	SD-WAN Sites supported design.	9
1.2.2	SD-WAN Service license	14
1.2.3	SD-WAN Assurance and Reporting platform	14
1.3	Enabling Service	16
1.3.1	Enabling Service Overview	16
1.3.2	Service Request Summary	20
1.3.3	Out of scope	21
2	Service Levels Management	22
Proactive Monitoring - Incident Prioritization	23
2.1	Per Topology SLA definition	25
3	Service Prerequisites & Conditions	30
3.1	Hardware and Licenses	30
3.1.1	SD-WAN Security Gateway (Physical/Hardware)	30
3.1.2	Licenses and/or subscriptions Managed SD-WAN	30
3.1.3	Customer owned environment licenses and/or subscriptions	31
3.2	Contract Duration	31
3.3	Terms and Conditions	31
3.4	Technical Implementation Pre-Requisites	32




Definition
In this section an overview will be given of the used terms and definition specifically of this product. 
“8x5” “Business Hours”: Availability of the support services Monday through Friday from 8:00 to 18:00 Local Time (excluding public local holidays). 
“12x5”: Availability of the support services Monday through Friday from 8:00 to 20:00 local time excluding public local holidays.
“12x6”: Availability of the support services Monday through Saturday from 8:00 to 20:00 local time excluding public local holidays.
“24x7”: Availability of the support services 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, including weekends and public holidays.
“Best Effort”: all the required activities will be done to address a request/issue without a specific time guarantee.
“TTR”, “Time to Repair”: refers to the amount of time it takes to resolve an incident with a Px priority. 
"Contract Date”: The date that the last party signed the contract.
“Horizon”: Managed Service Portal provided by Cegeka for tickets tracking, reporting and change management.
“Managed Device”: is network which can be a device, appliance, software application or a system installed on the Customer’s premises or Cegeka’s Datacentre which is monitored and/or managed by Cegeka as part of this Service.
“Cegeka Network Advisor”: Network expert assigned to the Customer who will deliver non-technical support.
“Network Operations Center” or “NOC”: The organization within Cegeka that operates the Managed service including Service desk.
“NOC Platform” combination of systems needed by Cegeka to perform the Service. 
“Time and material” or “T&M”: work in which the Customer agrees to pay Cegeka based upon the time spent by Cegeka to perform the work.
“Overlay” network: virtual network created on top of an existing physical network. 
“Underlay” network is the physical network infrastructure.  It consists of physical hardware devices such as routers, switches, cables and networking equipment generally provided by a Telecom Operator. The underlay network provides the basic connectivity and transport to create SD-WAN “Overlay” Network. Physical infrastructure can be XDSL, XPON, Fiber access line. Mobile transport network like 4G and 5G are also considered as underlay. 
SD-WAN Central Management Platform: The SD-WAN Central Management Platform also called “Meraki Dashboard” is a centralized system used to orchestrate, control and monitor the Meraki SD-WAN components.
SD-WAN Security gateway Physical: The SD-WAN security gateway Physical device is a physical networking equipment located at the edge of the network. The role of the device is to connect the local area network of a location to the Wide Area Network. 
SD-WAN Security gateway Virtual: The SD-WAN security gateway Virtual is a Virtual networking equipment located into the cloud infrastructure of a cloud provider like Azure, Amazon Web Services or Google Cloud. The role of the device is to integrate the cloud infrastructure of the cloud service provider into the SD-WAN network of the customer. 
WAN Provider: A company that delivers wide-area network connectivity by supplying the underlay network circuits (such as MPLS, leased lines, fiber, or broadband) used to interconnect geographically dispersed sites via the Managed SD-WAN.
Service summary 
Software Defined Wide Area Network (SD-WAN) is a networking technology concept that enables the efficient deployment of a wide area network connecting branch offices, remote sites, and multi-cloud environments. 
By centralizing control and introducing an abstraction layer that separates the physical network, known as the underlay, from the data transport layer, known as the overlay, SD-WAN enables a more efficient and dynamic network management. This approach supports access diversity, intelligent routing, and advanced visibility, which are essential requirements for modern networks.
Cegeka offers comprehensive managed SD-WAN services that span the entire lifecycle of an infrastructure and component-based Software-Defined WAN network. These services encompass design, configuration, installation, management, monitoring, maintenance, and performance management as necessary. 
Cegeka’s Managed SD-WAN service liberates customers from the day-to-day management of SD-WAN networks. Depending on the selected service level, this may include the management of underlay providers and advanced advisory services for capacity and performance management. Cegeka remotely manages the SD-WAN network from its operation center, proactively addressing faults and ensuring the service’s continuous operation. Furthermore, Cegeka provides reports on the status of customers’ WAN networks and promptly informs them of any potential incidents.
Services
 Services Components 
The managed SD-WAN service relies on the combination of 
SD-WAN Central Management Platform 
SD-WAN Security gateway devices with their licenses 
Cegeka enabling and maintenance services.
SD-WAN Central Management Platform
The SD-WAN Central Management Platform also called “Meraki Dashboard” is a centralized system used to orchestrate, control and monitor the SD-WAN Meraki components. 
The SD-WAN centralized system for the Managed SD-WAN service powered by Cisco Meraki relies on a cloud-based solution hosted by Cisco.
Cisco Meraki data centers are located around the world, enabling high-availability local data containment for data sovereignty in sensitive countries and regions, and high-speed connections to facilitate reliable cloud management communication. These data centers hold certifications such as PCI, SAS70 Type II/SSAE, PCI, and ISO27001
Each region (North and South America, Europe, Asia, China, Canada) has, at minimum, a geographically matched pair (for failover) of data centers where any endpoint’s primary Meraki server will be located. Upon Network creation, Cegeka can select which region where data are hosted in. The default region is Europe.
The Europe data centers are in Germany.
For customers with globally dispersed networks, separate organizations may be created for each data storage region. Available regions are: North America, South America, Asia-Pacific, Canada, India, China and Europe (service default). 
The Central management platform assures a segregation of the network and management data. For SD-WAN security gateway devices to communicate with the Meraki Cloud, Meraki leverages a proprietary lightweight encrypted tunnel using AES-256 encryption while management data is in transit. Within the tunnel itself, Meraki leverages HTTPS and protocol buffers for a secure and efficient solution. The system separates management data from user data. User data (network traffic, web browsing, internal applications, etc.) does not flow through the Cisco Meraki cloud and instead flows directly to the destination across the WAN.
The SD-WAN Central Management System will be configured by Cegeka: 
to orchestrate the delivery of the SD-WAN Services according to the selected site designs (see chapter 1.2.1)
to monitor the SD-WAN Services according to the selected “Enabling Service” 

SD-WAN Security gateway 
The SD-WAN Security gateway is a physical or virtual networking equipment located at the edge of the network. The role of the device is to connect the local area network of a location to the Wide Area Network.  
SD-WAN Security gateway Physical
The SD-WAN Security gateway Physical is connected to the CPE(s) of the WAN provider(s) with a maximum of 2 circuits per site (excluding mobile backup).  The device processes the traffic based on the configuration pushed by the Central Management platform. 
The SD-WAN Security gateway will be configured to support the functions below. Some restrictions may apply according to the chosen license level (essential/advantage), service level and added value services: 
Connectivity and traffic handling: connect the internal network (VLAN) to the external network creating connection to other network sites via VPN and the internet using breakout function according to the selected topology (see chapter 1.2). 
Security functions: 
encryption of the data transmitted over the SD-WAN VPN
Stateful Next-Generation Firewall, 
Malware Protection (AMP), 
Intrusion Prevention System 
URL content filtering, 
Geo-IP firewalling.
Intelligent path control for SD-WAN
Policy-based routing: Easily direct certain types of traffic over a particular link based on source, destination, or application.
Dynamic path selection: Automatically adjust the VPN path that is used for different types of traffic based on VPN performance. This includes set loss, latency, and jitter thresholds to control which path the Meraki MX Security and SD-WAN Appliances will use to send traffic based on current network conditions.
Dual path selection: Select the best VPN tunnel for network traffic automatically based on performance.
Application optimization: QoS and bandwidth management by setting traffic shaping rules to prioritize bandwidth for your business-critical enterprise applications. QoS enforcement capabilities are linked to the type of underlay services. 

List of supported SD-WAN Security gateway physical devices 
The list of supported SD-WAN Security gateway physical devices is available as a technical annex “Technical Annex managed SD-WAN Security gateway: list of supported devices”

Mobile Backup Solution 
The mobile backup solution is deployed using a cellular gateway that provides backup cellular connectivity when connected to the SD-WAN Security gateway. The cellular gateway converts 4G or 5G signals into Ethernet, ensuring reliable internet access for critical sites. 
The list of supported equipment is available as a technical annex “Technical Annex managed SD-WAN Security gateway: list of supported devices”
SD-WAN Security gateway Virtual
The SD-WAN Security gateway Virtual extends the SD-WAN network to hybrid and multi-cloud environments. The Virtual device can be deployed in Azure, AWS and Google cloud, providing automated site-to-site connectivity.
List of supported SD-WAN Security gateway virtual devices
The list of supported SD-WAN Security gateway virtual devices is available as a technical annex “Technical Annex managed SD-WAN Security gateway: list of supported devices”

















General design consideration for the SD-WAN Network
As part of service provisioning, Cegeka supports a series of standard designs to meet the common needs of an SD-WAN network. We’ll consider underlay and overlay network designs.
The physical infrastructure (underlay) on which the SD-WAN underlay is built can take various forms. In the illustration provided, we assume an internet-only setup. 


By using, for Underlay architecture, the internet as a standard solution, we can reduce costs but still maintain a great form of stability. SD-WAN offers Carrier Neutrality allowing us to select the best solution per location.
To accommodate internet connectivity, any of the following circuit technologies offered by a carrier provider are supported:
Optical Fiber
Coaxial cable
Radio LTE/5G (e)-SIM
Satellite
Twisted pair (xDSL)

As a standard, the Managed SD-WAN Service does not encompass the responsibility for ordering, provisioning, or maintaining the underlying infrastructure. Consequently, the customer is solely accountable for contracting with one or multiple providers to establish the necessary circuits for deploying the Managed SD-WAN solutions.  
As an alternative, Cegeka offers Managed WAN infrastructure through a dedicated “Cegeka Managed WAN” service contract. 



The SD-WAN equipment will be connected to the carrier/underlay network provider's CPE either via an RJ45 copper connection or via a fiber link connected to an SFP/SFP+.
From an Overlay architecture perspective, where the tunnels connecting all the network site are defined, full mesh and hub & spoke topologies are supported. Because these are persistent VPN tunnels, the hub and spoke architecture is being used as standard design for cost and performance reasons.

   

However, SD-WAN is also possible on top of an existing MPLS WAN solution (Multiprotocol Label Switching Wide Area Network). MPLS networks are private wide area networks operated by wan providers that offer great stability and hence are more expensive than the publicly available internet. An MPLS design will require a specific assessment and is not part of the standard service offer.
SD-WAN Sites supported design.
Within the service we provide support for the following deployment and redundancy methods.


Any other combinations are considered as non-standard and is not permitted.




A: Single device, single circuit (spoke)

In this topology, typically for a small branch site, one SD-WAN security appliance is connected to one single circuit. The LAN can have multiple network segments for which the SD-WAN security appliance will be the gateway.
This option is only applicable for spokes.
A+: Single device, single circuit, mobile backup (spoke)

In this topology, a passive mobile backup option is introduced. This mobile backup option becomes active once the active circuit gets disconnected. The mobile backup solution is deployed using an additional CPE device included in the service. This option requires a valid SIM card with an appropriate (preferrable flat fee) data subscription plan. The SIM card and subscription plan are out of scope of this service.
This option is only applicable for spokes.
B: Single device, dual circuit (spoke)

In this topology, two independent circuits are configured in either an active/active or active/passive setup. When used in active/active the bandwidth and capacity of both circuits can be used by introducing load balancing. Whereas in active/passive, only the capacity of one circuit can be used.
This option is only applicable for spokes.
B+: Single device, dual circuits, mobile backup (spoke)


In this topology, two independent circuits are configured in either an active/active or active/passive setup. When used in active/active the bandwidth and capacity of both circuits can be used by introducing load balancing. Whereas in active/passive, only the capacity of one circuit can be used.
In addition, a passive mobile backup option is introduced. This mobile backup option becomes active once the active circuits get disconnected. The mobile backup solution is deployed using an additional CPE device included in the service. This option requires a valid SIM card with an appropriate (preferrable flat fee) data subscription plan. The SIM card and subscription plan are out of scope of this service.
This option is only applicable for spokes.
C: Dual devices, dual circuits (hub or spoke)


This topology introduces full redundancy, both on hardware and on circuit level.
Two SD-WAN security appliances are configured in an active/passive cluster. The passive member will become active upon failure of the active member.
In addition, two independent circuits are configured in either an active/active or active/passive setup. When used in active/active the bandwidth and capacity of both circuits can be used by introducing load balancing. Whereas in active/passive, only the capacity of one circuit can be used.
This option is applicable for spokes and mandatory for hubs.
Azure single device




This topology provides SD-WAN security gateway in Azure.
The SD-WAN security gateway in Azure will exclusively handle traffic to and from sites connected via the
SD-WAN. All other traffic originating from cloud VMs or services will be routed through the designated
cloud infrastructure.
The vMX in Azure can be configured as a HUB or a Spoke. 

Setup, management, monitoring, and maintenance of the underlaying virtual machine and Azure network 
infrastructure is not part of this managed service.

Azure dual devices


This topology provides redundancy for the Azure SD-WAN security gateway.
Two SD-WAN security gateways are deployed independently in Azure. They do not synchronize configuration or state information. Both gateways are active, and failover is managed through cloud-specific settings (e.g. load balancer) not part of this managed service.
The SD-WAN security gateways in Azure will exclusively handle traffic to and from sites connected via the SD-WAN. All other traffic originating from cloud VMs or services will be routed through the designated cloud infrastructure.
The vMX in Azure is typically configured as hub, but spoke deployment is also possible.
Setup, management, monitoring, and maintenance of the underlaying virtual machine and Azure network infrastructure (including the load balancer) is not part of this managed service.





















SD-WAN Service license
The SD-WAN solution offers 2 levels of license to meet different needs.
Essential: mainly used for SD-WAN Basic and Security functions
Advantage: Essential functions combined with advanced configuration parameters for SD-WAN and more advanced security and observability parameters
One license is required per active device. Redundant equipment configuration (warm spare) requires only one license. 
The licenses are linked to a specific family type as showed in the table below: 
Advantage license is not available for all vMX Virtual Security Gateway

Managed service supported features 
Cegeka shall deploy the service using a defined set of features designed to ensure service performance, stability, and quality for the Essential and Advantage license tier. Cegeka shall not enable or implement any feature that may adversely affect the security, stability, or overall quality of the service. 
The feature set may be adapted during the contract term to accommodate service evolution and shall follow Cegeka’s established release management process. Any such adaptations shall be implemented in a manner that maintains compliance with agreed service levels and does not compromise performance or security.
The list of supported features is made available through the document “Technical Annex: List of Meraki LX Supported Features”
Customer acknowledges that feature changes outside the defined release management process, if requested by the Customer, may require additional assessment and approval by Cegeka. Any resulting impact on service performance, compliance, or cost shall be communicated to the Customer prior to implementation.
SD-WAN Assurance and Reporting platform
The Assurance and Reporting of Managed SD-WAN Network is delivered through the Cisco Meraki Dashboard. A read access account is provided to the designated contact(s) from the customer with a limit of 5 accounts. 
The Dashboard allows (not limited to): 
A global overview of all sites makes it possible to identify very quickly whether sites are affected by a complete or partial malfunction via a color code.
VPN Summary view. The VPN Status page provides detailed, useful information about all VPN tunnels on your SD-WAN organization. This page provides real-time status updates between your SD-WAN VPN peers.
Status of the underlay access(es). The status of the single of two active-active or active-passive underlay accesses (load balancing vs. failover) and the optional 4G/5G mobile backup are visible via the dashboard. The consumption of the links is also provided in real time and up to 30 days as well as the quality of these links (latency and loss). 
Clients view. The Cisco Meraki Dashboard offers the ability to monitor network clients. 
Status - How long the client has been connected to the network 
User - The username the client sent via 802.1X authentication
Device type - Manufacturer of the client device from the MAC address vendor prefix
OS - Windows, Cisco, Mac OS X, Android, iOS, etc (this is based on how the device handles TCP handshakes and DHCP)
Usage - How much traffic the client has passed on the network in KB/MB/GB/TB.
Policy - any device policies, bandwidth limitation, Layer 3 or 7 firewall rules, traffic shaping































Enabling Service
Enabling Service Overview
Enabling service. The table below summarizes the activities available for the Managed SD-WAN service. 
: Included /  fixed fee: list of predefined changes associated to a fixed fee /Project: optional service delivered at a pre-agreed price based on a defined scope.

Enabling Services details
The following standard services are included in the SD-WAN Managed service level:
Implementation
To deliver the services, Cegeka will undertake the following activities during the technical implementation phase:
Project Coordination Schedule and host a kick-off meeting with the customer. 
Create the technical design in co-creation with the customer for greenfield project or migration.
Setup the SD-WAN Central management platform according to defined templates
Configure and assign configuration templates for the SD-WAN sites assuming those functions:
Connectivity and traffic handling
HUB and Spoke Design
AutoVPN validation for SD-WAN Network
Dynamic and static routing definition 
VLANs, subnets, …. validation
Security
Stateful Next-Generation Firewall, 
Malware Protection (AMP), 
Intrusion Prevention System 
URL content filtering, 
Geo-IP firewalling
Intelligent Path Control
Application optimization based on Cegeka best practices.
Provide installation guides towards the customer for deploying required SD-WAN devices, if necessary and specified in the SoW
Deploy SD-WAN devices with the cooperation of the customer Onsite, if necessary and specified in the SoW if Onsite installation for Managed SD-WAN is selected. 
Keep the customer informed and up to date during the implementation phase.
A more detailed description of the activities will be formalized in a “Managed SD-WAN: Statement of Work” document. This document can differ from the described activities above and is leading.
Availability management based on the defined SLAs as described in this. 
Documentation management and Asset management: Cegeka will keep up to date documentation of the managed systems, document IP addresses and provide account and access management in a central account repository.
Cegeka will maintain network diagrams (OSI Layer 2 and OSI Layer 3) of the Managed SD-WAN Security gateway devices and central management and analytics components. Specific relevant information will be shared with Customer, including network diagrams via read-only access on select Solution components and/or the Horizon dashboard.

Device Recovery plans: Cegeka will Create, maintain, and test device recovery plans of the Managed SD-WAN Security gateways and central management and analytics components.
License management: Cegeka will monitor the required licenses of the Managed SD-WAN Security Gateway and central management and analytics components.
Logging: Cegeka will provide logging services as part of the predefined SD-WAN architecture. The service is delivered through the Cisco Meraki Platform in accordance with the Cisco Meraki retention policies and service level agreements.
Backup & Restore: Cegeka will schedule and take automated backups of the configuration files from the component to a secondary storage system or via the cloud platform of the vendor. Cegeka will restore the configuration in case of failure based on the last known situation.
Software lifecycle management: Cegeka will notify Customer of new software releases relevant to maintain the agreed service level. Cegeka will perform an update of the Managed SD-WAN Security gateway and central management and analytics components based on planned work schedule with a minimum of 1 release per year.
Security Patch management: Adjacent to software lifecycle management, Cegeka will engage in emergency patch management for critical software vulnerabilities with a high risk of exploitation within the Managed SD-WAN architecture. 
Service Desk:  The Service Desk is a single point of contact for Managed SD-WAN service inquiries. It provides information, manages requests, and triggers changes or escalations to ensure timely resolution.

Availability management - Full Pro-Active Monitoring: Surveillance of the solution components in real-time to identify abnormal behaviour of any involved components. Pro Active Monitoring triggers the process of Incident management. 

Event management, Incident management and Problem management: Processes are designed to react to proactive monitoring triggers. Unplanned events or a reduction in service quality are managed in accordance with the established SLAs. Root cause analysis is conducted to prevent the recurrence of incidents.

On-site repair / express part replacement: As part of the incident management process, if an incident suggests a potential defective hardware, an onsite intervention is planned in accordance with the contract and the specified intervention window and repair time. The service level is defined per site. 

Service Level Management:  service metrics are made available via the Horizon platform. The service of a Service level Manager for the Managed SD-WAN is optional for the service. 

Change management Standard changes: standard changes are listed in the service request summary. A standard change is pre-approved, with well-defined alteration and with established procedures for implementation. Cegeka can still refuse to implement a standard change request, in this case a motivation will be provided.  











Service Request Summary

Requests related to this Service can be ordered and will result in the execution of that request by means of a Cegeka change order. 
Each request has a throughput time to deliver the request (after approval or pre-approval on the customer’s CAB). 
The SLA for implementing standard changes requested by the customer is 2 business days or otherwise as specified in the change by using the ‘need by date’.


 

Any non-standard change must be considered as a project and is evaluated by a Presales and Architecture team.
Non-standard changes are billed in a T&M or according to a specific agreement.

Out of scope 
Everything that is not explicitly mentioned in this service description is by default out of scope.



Service Levels Management
The standard service level provided with the product is 8x5 support with a 6-hour Time to Repair (TTR).
It is possible to adapt both the service window and the TTR based on the chosen design and specific operational requirements.
The SLA is defined per site and depends on the selected design.


The Service Level Agreement, based on a service window, are composed of: 
Service Availability
availability of the Managed SD-WAN 
The service is considered available if the equipment or set of equipment’s required to provide the service is visible in the central management tool. The service is considered available if it is possible to send traffic via the connected WAN interface(s) in accordance with the chosen topology (Single Device/Single Circuit, Single Device/Single Circuit and Mobile Backup, Single Device/Dual Circuits, Single Device/Dual Circuits and Mobile Backup, Dual Devices/Dual Circuits).  
The traffic may be traffic to another SD-WAN site, or internet breakout traffic. 
In the case of a Dual Devices/Dual Circuits, providing service on backup equipment does not constitute unavailability. 
Temporary service degradation is not considered service unavailability. 
Time to Repair
TTR refers to the amount of time it takes to resolve an incident with a PX priority. TTR for all type of P are calculated but only P1 incidents are used to perform the availability calculation. The calculation starts when an incident is created and a priority associated; time is running until the resolution of the incident and the return into a fully operational state of the service. Stop clock mechanism may be used according to exclusion list.  
Incident Notification time 
When a ticket is opened by Cegeka or the customer, an Incident notification according to the severity of the incident is issued. The notification is pushed in Horizon or via other agreed mechanisms. The incident notification is measured with the associated ticket. 


SLAs are enabled by the Proactive Monitoring environment. The goal of Proactive Monitoring is to continuously monitor and communicate about the health of the technology used within the managed service. 
Cegeka is responsible for the following activities regarding Proactive Monitoring:
Pro-active Monitor the health and availability the Managed Services components 
SD-WAN Central Management Platform
SD-WAN Security gateway according to the chosen topology (Single Device/Single Circuit, Single Device/Single Circuit and Mobile Backup, Single Device/Dual Circuits, Single Device/Dual Circuits and Mobile Backup, Dual Devices/Dual Circuits)
SD-WAN Security gateway for public cloud (Azure, AWS, GCP)
Generating incidents through the monitoring when action(s) are required.
Notify the customer via Horizon or other commonly agreed mechanism of the ticket creation according to the
service SLAs.
When the monitoring system detects that the there is an impact (=an error causes the Managed Device or the Services to fail or to become degraded). a ticket will be created in the ticketing system. The Authorized contacts will be informed according to the Customer contact matrix within the agreed time frame.
Resolve incident(s) based upon the standard service SLAs provided in the service description (P1, P2, P3, P4 TTR)
Incident resolution can be done remotely or via on-site intervention or express part replacement.
Incident resolution actions are tracked and documented in horizon.
Being easily reachable to help customer for specific requests. 
Proactive Monitoring - Incident Prioritization 
The priority of an incident is based on the impact and urgency.


Definitions of impact and urgency

Impact-Urgency Matrix

Definitions of priority









Per Topology SLA definition




Service Prerequisites & Conditions 
This section describes the conditions that need to be met so that Cegeka can provide the described Service. 

Hardware and Licenses 
SD-WAN Security Gateway (Physical/Hardware) 
The SD-WAN Security Gateway Hardware devices and/or virtual machines (Meraki MX or vMX) required for the Managed SD-WAN service, including all associated costs, are ordered by Cegeka on behalf of the customer as part of the service delivery. These costs are fully charged to the customer, and ownership of the hardware and/or virtual machines is transferred to the customer at the time of purchase.
Cegeka is responsible for maintaining operational compliance and managing the hardware and VM environment during the agreed contract term, within the limits of the described service and terms in the Service Description. 
The customer, as the legal owner of the hardware and virtual machines, delegates operational control to Cegeka for the duration of the contract. Cegeka will manage day-to-day operations, monitor usage, and notify the customer of any required actions, strictly within the limits and scope defined in the present Service Description.
If a renewal or replacement of any hardware or VM resource is required during the contract duration (e.g., due to end-of-life, capacity upgrade requirements, or failure outside warranty), the customer, as the legal owner, is responsible for executing and financing the renewal or replacement to ensure uninterrupted service and compliance.
Licenses and/or subscriptions Managed SD-WAN 
Cisco Meraki Licenses and/or subscriptions, including their associated costs, are provided as part of the service cost and transferred to the customer at the time of purchase.
Cegeka is responsible for maintaining license and/or subscription compliance during the agreed contract term and will proactively inform the customer about any compliance requirements or actions needed.

The customer, as the legal owner of the licenses and subscriptions, delegates license and subscription control to Cegeka for the duration of the contract. Cegeka will manage compliance, monitor usage, and notify the customer of any required actions, strictly within the limits and scope defined in the present Service Description.

Renewal Obligation
If a renewal of any license or subscription is required during the contract duration, the customer, as the legal owner, is responsible for executing and financing the renewal to ensure uninterrupted service and compliance.




Customer owned environment licenses and/or subscriptions
For environments owned and managed by the customer, such as public cloud platforms (e.g. Azure, AWS, GCP) or private cloud infrastructure, the customer is fully responsible for obtaining, maintaining, and renewing all licenses and/or subscriptions required for the setup and operation of these environments.

It is assumed that these licenses and/or subscriptions are valid and sufficient to host the Cegeka SD-WAN managed services. Cegeka will not provide or finance these licenses but may offer advisory support on compliance requirements when relevant 
E.g. Advising on the correct license tier for hosting Cegeka Managed SD-WAN services (e.g., ensuring an Azure subscription includes required compute and networking features).

Contract Duration
The service is provided with a minimum contract duration of one year. 
Terms and Conditions

Refers to “CEGEKA TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SECURITY SERVICES”





























Technical Implementation Pre-Requisites 

