	 
 
Service description

Definitions
The following definitions shall have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them. 

“Business Hours” : Monday through Friday from 8:00 to 18:00 CET/CEST excluding Belgian holidays.
"Contract Date”: The date that the last party signed the contract
“Horizon” : Security Portal provided by Cegeka for reporting and change management
“Cegeka Security Advisor” : security expert assigned to the Customer who will deliver non-technical support
“Network Operations Center” or “NOC” : The organization within Cegeka that operates the Managed service
“NOC Platform” combination of systems needed by Cegeka to perform the Service
“Security Breach” : individual or an application unauthorized accessing private or confidential parts of the Customer’s IT infrastructure  with an impact to the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the information
“Security Event” : data recorded by a security system in the Customer’s infrastructure which represent security related occurrence, such as a failed or successful login attempt, allowed connection through a firewall, … 
“Security Alert” : A security alert is a notification of a potential security anomaly as detected by one or more of the SOC detection technologies which requires further investigation.
“Security Incident” : A Security Incident is a violation of security policies based upon a human reported event or a generated Security Alert.
“Statement of Work” or “SoW” : description of the work during a project performed by Cegeka. This also includes the scope and dependencies of the project.
“Time and material” or “T&M” : work in which the Customer agrees to pay Cegeka based upon the time spent by Cegeka to perform the work.


Service Introduction
The persistent nature of advanced threats, the increasing sophistication of modern cyberattacks, the growing list of compliance requirements, and the importance of managing business risk on a continual basis requires enterprises to re-evaluate their entire security ecosystem. 

RESPOND TO A CHANGING WORLD
Managed Firewall & SDWAN covers all management services including activities related to health monitoring, change and problem management. This contains a broad variety of detection capabilities like SDWAN, IP VPN in order to secure your environment. 

Service Overview
The service will start with the Transition Service(s) to bring it into production which will start the Run Services. The Transition Services consists of two (2) types: 
Technical Implementation which includes all the technical implementation(s) of the chosen technologies in the customer’s environment.

Operational Readiness which includes all the governance and operational processes to efficiency perform the RUN services

After the transition, the Run Services will start which consist of the following services
Management services
SD-WAN overlay management
Security management
Service management
Cegeka Security Advisor
Platform Management


Transition Services
Transition Services consists of two (2) types of activities:
Technical Implementation 
Operational Readiness
These two (2) activities ensure a consistent approach in completing the transition of the service towards Run Services. The start of the Transition Services begins when the contract is signed and ends when the “Ready For Service” requirements are met which are described below.



During the Transition Services there will be no Security Alerts / Security Incident handling.
Technical Implementation
The goal of the Technical Implementation is to implement all technical measures which are scoped within the Managed Firewall & SDWAN service. 

In order to be able to deliver the correct network services, network topology documentation is necessary. The table below shows an overview of what is a part of this network topology documentation:
Cegeka will perform the following activities during the technical implementation:
Schedule and host a kick-off meeting with the customer.
Create the technical design in co-creation with the customer.
Setup the technology platform(s)
Provide installation guides towards the customer for deploying required end-user agents, if necessary and specified in the SoW
Deploy stand-alone agents with the cooperation of the customer, if necessary and specified in the SoW
Integrate the scoped technologies into the Cegeka systems
Keep the customer informed and up to date during the implementation phase.
A more detailed description of the activities will be formalized on a per project base in a Statement of Work document. This document can differ from the described activities above and is leading.
For Cegeka to able to effectively perform Technical Implementation, the Customer is responsible for:
Provide technical documentation and insights about the environment
Provide ad-hoc assistance when required
Provide accounts when required to perform the implementation
Provide the necessary connectivity to be able to connect all scoped technologies to our NOC platform. 

A network topology design consists out of a Layer-2 and a Layer-3 network and connectivity design. These designs allow network engineers and support teams to understand the enterprise landscape.
Verify/document L2 connectivity diagrams
Verify/document L3 connectivity diagrams
verify/document the logical network (full routing table inspection on all routing devices)
verify/document the logical connectivity between sites
WAN Providers
Line IDs
Bandwidth
Redundancy
QoS
connectivity towards the public Internet
connectivity towards third parties

The Technical Implementation will be formalized on a per project base in a Technical Design Document. This document will include all the technical decisions related to the service.
The technical implementation doesn't include any changes on the device itself. The technical implementation is performed on the as-is situation.

Operational Readiness
The goal of Operational Readiness is that both customer and Cegeka have a clear understanding of the governance and operational processes related to the Managed Firewall & SDWAN service.
Cegeka will perform the following activities during the Operational Readiness:
Agreement on the project governance containing
Project Plan
Ready For Service (RFS)
Exchange contact details
Exchange information required to perform the service.
Agreement on asset scope information
Agreement on (automated) response actions
The Operational Readiness will be formalized on a per project base in a Customer Scoping Document. This document will include all the operational agreements related to the service.
The Customer is responsible for informing Cegeka of any changes which have impact on the service.
RFS - Ready-for-Service
The RFS indicates that all the prerequisites are completed during the transition period to start the service. This is the moment Cegeka will perform the “Run Services” and invoicing will start accordingly.
The RFS date has a maximum term of three (3) months after signing the contract unless explicitly agreed otherwise or any unforeseen events have occurred to justify this.
Run Services
The following standard services are included in this Service:
Management services
Documentation : Cegeka will keep up to date documentation of the managed systems, document IP addresses and provide account and access management in a central account repository.
Asset management: Cegeka will maintain network diagrams (OSI Layer 2 and OSI Layer 3) of the SD-WAN appliances and central management and analytics components. Specific relevant information will be shared with Customer including network diagrams via read-only access on select vendor components and/or the Horizon dashboard.
Device Recovery plans: Cegeka will Create, maintain, and test device recovery plans of the SD-WAN appliances. Disaster Recovery Plans for an environment are out of scope.
License management: Cegeka will monitor the required licenses of the SD-WAN appliances and central management and analytics components.
Logging: Cegeka will provide logging services as part of the defined SD-WAN architecture.
Reseller contact: Cegeka will contact the vendor of the SD-WAN architecture within the operational field of the network managed service. 
Backup & Restore: Cegeka will schedule and take automated backups of the configuration files from the component to a secondary storage system. Cegeka will restore the configuration in case of failure.
Performance management: Cegeka will maintain various best practice performance optimization techniques related to SD-WAN. 
Software lifecycle management: Cegeka will notify Customer of new software releases once a year. Cegeka will perform a yearly update of the SD-WAN appliances and central management and analytics components if necessary and applicable. 
Device lifecycle management (if applicable) : Cegeka will be responsible for the purchase, deployment, and management of all managed devices.
Monitoring & alerting: Monitoring the availability / accessibility of the components and specific overlay tunnels. 
Customized monitoring and alerting (optional) is possible per vendor/component type via: SNMP (Simple Network Management Protocol) or customized scripting.

Security management
Patch management: Adjacent to software lifecycle management, Cegeka will engage in emergency patch management for critical software vulnerabilities with a high risk of exploitation within the SD-WAN architecture. The actual implementation of the mitigative actions (preparation, patch rollout, post-rollout actions) are performed in T&M.

Security policy management: Cegeka will Manage security policies against security best practices to provide protection for the information systems while still allowing the attainment of business objective and preserving the integrity, availability, and confidentiality of the information resources. Cegeka will start from a standard security policy and change this policy to meet Customer environment and situation. Cegeka will configure the components to download and implement signature updates automatically. Cegeka will protect the device against any unwanted access.

Service management
Incident management: Cegeka will 24x7 resolve SD-WAN incidents related to SD-WAN appliances and central management and analytics components. This consists of: send appropriate notifications to relevant groups according to defined policies. Mitigation and resolution of detected issues. Diagnose problems before and after occurrence, diagnostic testing between network components. Incident correlation and facilitate the troubleshooting and repair of network components with vendor support.
Problem management: Cegeka will minimize recurring incidents and the impact of unpreventable incidents and diagnose root cause of incidents and determine the resolution to those problems.
Change management: Cegeka will act on changes related to events/incidents or problems that might prevent Cegeka from assuring device SLRs are included
Request management: Cegeka will handle information requests.
Event management: Cegeka will manage events and system processes on network components which may indicate imminent faults or problems.
Yearly planned Capacity management analysis and reporting.
Service Management
Service Meetings
Service meetings are standard included on a monthly base unless explicitly mentioned. During these meetings, the Cegeka Security Advisor will present security service reporting. 
Service Meetings will be held during Business hours unless explicitly agreed otherwise.
Service Reporting
The Service Reporting contains all insights regarding the Managed Firewall & SDWAN service during that month.

The following insights will be reported:
High-Level overview of all changes incident during that month
All changes to the service
SLA and KPI reporting
Horizon Portal
Horizon platform is a central digital engagement point for customers which can be consulted via the user-friendly web interface.
The Horizon Portal can be used for the following activities:
Collaborate in tickets 
Request changes
View service dashboards
View technology platform dashboards
This platform will continuously be improved and developed with more features.
Cegeka Security Advisor
The Cegeka Security Advisor is the point of contact for all tactical and strategic security topics and acts as a liaison between Customer’s security stakeholders and Cegeka. 

The Cegeka Security Advisor has the following responsibilities:
Organize recurring security service meetings
Present the security report
Advice on resilience recommendations to improve the security posture of the customer
Available during Business Hours to contact via email or phone 
Analyze Security Incidents on a monthly base and provide feedback or actions when required

The Cegeka Security Advisory is delivered based on an agreed number of days per month, including monthly security service meetings, all activities required to prepare the meetings and the actions related to decisions agreed upon during the meetings.
Platform Management
License Management
The licenses of the technologies are not part of the service itself but can be provided by Cegeka if required. 
Describe 2 situations (HW en License)
Licenses owned by customer
Licenses provided by Cegeka as part MSSP (Full as a Service)
Configuration & Release Management
The goal of Configuration & Release Management is to ensure the quality and performance of the technology used within the Managed Firewall & SDWAN service.  
Cegeka is responsible for the following activities regarding Configuration & Release Management:
Follow up on the vendor recommendations regarding policies and versions.
If required, perform product and security updates according to the vendors recommendations within a reasonable timeframe.
Manage and maintain the Policy Configuration of all security technologies which are included in the service. 
Create backup(s) of on-premise systems
Health Monitoring
The goal of Health Monitoring is to continuously monitor the health of the technology used within the Managed Firewall & SDWAN service.  
Cegeka is responsible for the following activities regarding Health Monitoring:
Monitor the health and availability the software agents on workstations and servers.
Monitor the health and availability of the platform
Monitor the health and availability of on-premise systems (such as Log Collectors)
Generating Security Incidents through the Health & Availability monitoring when action(s) are required
Resolve Security Incident(s) based upon the Security Incident Response Plan.

For Cegeka to able to effectively perform Health Monitoring, the customer is responsible for:
Provide Cegeka ad-hoc access to on-premise systems when direct access is not possible.
Log Management
A SIEM collects and securely stores the machine data generated from data source types such as network, endpoint, identity & access management, anti-malware, and other. The data can be collected using syslog, forwarding agents, API, or other types of integration with data sources and event collectors. Once data has been collected, it will be normalized and correlated against threat detection rules which trigger Security Alerts. 
Cegeka is responsible for the following activities regarding Log Management:
The documentation of all relevant data sources for the service
The configuration of syslog, forwarding agents and/or API integrations to collect the relevant data sources
Maintaining and continuously improve detection use cases to improve detection coverage and reduce false positives based upon the customer environment
Reporting on used data sources
Maintaining the Log Retention requirements, as agreed with the customer.

For Cegeka to able to effectively perform Log Management, the customer is responsible for:
Provide Cegeka ad-hoc access to on-premise systems when direct access is not possible.

The onboarding of new data source types which are not in scope, requires an initial investigation and a separate implementation project on a T&M basis.
Governance
Process
Authorized Contacts
For security reasons, only  people identified as Authorized Contact are allowed to collaborate with our Cegeka SOC. Only they can interact with the Cegeka SOC. All other persons will automatically be prevented and will be notified towards the Customer. These are also the people who will receive the monthly report.
The Authorized Contacts will be formalized in the Customer Scoping document.
Operational & Escalation Contact
Any new Security Incident will result in a notification towards the customer Operational Contact(s). 
If any blocking issues prevents Cegeka from continuing the service as agreed, an escalation towards the customer Escalation Contact will be done.
The Operational & Escalation contact(s) will be formalized in the Customer Scoping document.
Decommissioning process
At the end of the Managed Firewall & SDWAN service Cegeka retain the right to remove any of the Intellectual Property used during the service to improve the overall quality.
The Customer can request the Security Events which are available at Cegeka to be transferred if technically possible by the specific security solution. This will be priced via Time and Material. 
The management of the platform(s) will be handed over to the Customer.

Technology
The following technologies can be supported in our Managed Firewall & SDWAN service : Fortinet & Cisco Meraki.

Eligibility and Prerequisites
Out of scope
Changes in the infrastructure of the Customer based upon the advice of the Cegeka Security Advisor (unless the environment is managed by Cegeka)
Conditions
All components must be manageable and valid maintenance contracts (break and fix) are available.
The Supplier managed services personnel needs to have network access to the required SD-WAN components.
The Supplier managed services personnel needs to have a login with full administrative access on SD-WAN components.
Managed services are handled remote by default. 
The service depends on components that could be either hosted in a Supplier controlled environment, or a customer (cloud) environment. Supplier therefore depends on specific customer infrastructure and services in the latter case.
Connectivity towards the Cegeka datacenter needs to be in order. This means there needs to be IP connectivity possible between the devices we need to intake and datacenter services. In most cases we will setup a site-2-site connection towards the customer premises.
Device information (device type, location, IP range and –number).
Credential information (username/password, SNMP version and string).

limiting conditions of the services





Responsibilities
RACI

Standard Changes
Upgrade bandwidth: elevate the circuit bandwidth within technical boundaries of last-mile circuit. This change will result in additional cost for the upgraded bandwidth. As result of this change request a bandwidth upgrade price quote will be provided.

