Introduction
The content of this service description (Chapter 1) is used to compile a service catalog that is used in the contract with the client. This introduction and document history below are for internal use only. 
It is allowed to merge Chapter 1 with other service descriptions into a single service catalog. Modifying the content of Chapter 1 for individual clients is not allowed. (If necessary, any adjustments can only be made with approval from the responsible service owner of product manager.)
Document history



Digital Workplace
Print service traditional (My Prints)
Service summary
The My Prints service delivers the management and operation for the printer queues of all supported and contracted network printers, multi-functionals and plotters. Through this Service we manage the local printing infrastructure from a technical perspective to support printing functionality for authorized users.
This Service includes the operational monitoring and administration for the print management service infrastructure. 
Standard service components
Cegeka shall be responsible in providing the following Services: 
Print driver management: With this Service, Cegeka will deliver and install print drivers, for all different workplace versions and operating systems in scope; 
Print queue management: Cegeka will manage the different print queues, operating systems (of the central print management service infrastructure), software and other assets in order to provide seamless printing experience.
Optional service components
Integration with third-party print solutions which enable:
Follow-me functionality;
Secure printing solutions;
Scanning.
Eligibility and Prerequisites
Conditions
OS Management service by Cegeka is mandatory for this service;
The availability of a system to function as Print Server;
A functional Active Directory.
Out of scope
The provisioning of printers, multifunctional devices and associated supplies are not included in this Service.
Cross-functional services
In order to guarantee the Service quality as specified in
“Service Level Definitions.doc”
Section “Service Level Agreement” in this document for possible specific service levels for this Service
Cegeka provides the required Cross-Functional Services as specified in “Cross-Functional-Services.doc”
Responsibility matrix
Responsibility Matrix below provides the appropriate RACI tags for Customer and Cegeka with respect to the activities for the Standard and Optional Services.

Order & billing information
Service SKUs
