
Service description

Service summary
The CPC IBM i PaaS service is the platform-based solution that virtualizes and brings the customer’s IBM i environment to the cloud using a scalable model based on IBM power systems.
Service description: features and functionalities
This service provides IBM i Power based Lpars for which initial setup and recurring services are provided. Supported operating system is OS400.
It gives your business peace of mind with disaster recovery and high availability solution (HA/DR). This includes cold and warm off-site recovery depending on the scenario adopted.
 Two types of deployments are provided:
Single Lpar is offered as a non-redundant platform service were customer data and system configurations are protected by local backup procedures
Dual Lpar service is a dual architecture that provides redundancy across location. On top of this, local backup procedures provide an additional protection of the customer’s environment.
Standard services
Cegeka provides the standard services listed below, however the SLA will determine:
whether a customer is entitled to a particular service
the frequency of execution of a service
Landing zone
Governance
Service desk:
Service desk including 24/7 coverage for P1 incidents
Single point of contact
Call taking
Ticket handling and follow up
Service management (service delivery manager) ensures contractual agreements are met and regulates the planning, contractual and financial topics.

Technical:
Firewall: to secure access to the environment and imperative to establish a S2S VPN connection between customer and the cloud
Connectivity to cloud: Site 2 site (S2S) VPN or lease line connection (provided by customer) to allow connectivity between customer location(s) and Cegeka datacenter(s).
CPC IBM i PaaS service description
Single Lpar build
The setup of a single Lpar on a power system including following building stones (in this scenario there is no high availability Lpar provided to ensure redundancy)
Single Prod Compute (CPU)
Single Memory (RAM)
Single external storage: production (Tier 0 or Tier 1)
DC replicated backups (local backup volumes with automatic replication to a remote Cegeka data center)
Platform management & monitoring services
monitoring of major OS parameters (DASD, CPU, memory, …)
monitoring of the processes and services required by the customers (might incur additional charges)
customer notification (phone call/mail/SMS) in case of priority 1 alerts
Dual Lpar build:
Setup up of a primary Lpar along with a 2nd Lpar to ensure high availability.  
Dual compute (CPU)
Dual memory (RAM)
Dual storage (Tier 0 or Tier 1)
DC replicated backups (local backup volumes with automatic replication to a remote Cegeka data center)
Platform management & monitoring services
monitoring of major OS parameters (DASD, CPU, memory, …)
monitoring of the processes and services required by the customers (might incur additional charges)
customer notification (phone call/mail/SMS) in case of priority 1 alerts 
Connectivity between the 2 locations required for replication
Replication license required for replication between both Lpars
Set up activities
Setup backup: installation and configuration of backup application including documentation
Setup monitoring of major OS parameters (DASD, CPU, memory, …)
Setup (customer) procedures that need to be executed when a monitoring alert is generated
Update CMDB: adding the newly created Lpars to the company management database and keeping it up to date 
Operational services
Incident & Problem Management
Reactive support
Create incident records in the Cegeka service management tool
Receive, track and resolve incident tickets.
Identify the cause of an incident.
Registration of standard solutions for incidents.
Proactive support
Based on incidents logged by monitoring, Cegeka proactively takes the following actions:
Detect and solve incident within the monitored environment.
Detect and solve incidents on the supporting infrastructure.
Proactively report issues and propose how certain issues can be resolved.
Perform correlation for incidents identifying the underlying problem and make recommendations to fix the problem. 
Implement fixes or workarounds for problems if there are no dependencies on other services.
Availability Management
This comes is with following availability targets:
99,95% for a single instance infrastructure component deployed in 1 Cegeka datacenter
99,99% for dual instance infrastructure components, deployed across 2 Cegeka datacenters
Above targets apply as SLA for services running on the Cegeka power cloud platform. 
For services running on customer premise or in the public cloud, these targets apply as SLO (Service Level Objectives)  as Cegeka is not responsible for the underlaying infrastructure.
Backup, Restore, Disaster Recovery
Depending on the underlaying infrastructure, backup, restore and DR services can be provided
For more info see IAAS documentation 
User & Access Management
The Cegeka team members need to have credentials with (adopted) full rights, in order to allow to setup, configure, and administer the Lpar.  As part of standard changes, users and accesses can be created, modified or removed by Cegeka. Administrator account will always be managed by Cegeka
Patching
Patching of the IBM i Lpars is defined at the start of the contract with a mandatory minimum of once per year for compliance reasons.
Lifecycle Management (LCM)
Lifecycle management will follow the IBM release life cycle for the OS installed on the Lpar. IBM will announce end of program support date with at least 12 months’ notice prior to the effective termination date. Customers with Lpars that are in the last 12 months of the support cycle will be informed and encouraged to upgrade to more recent OS version. Customer not in a position or willing to upgrade can make use of the IBM service extension offering. On expiration of this extended offering, customers will still have to upgrade or sign a risk waiver. For the hardware lifecycle management, we refer to the underlaying IaaS service description.
Security
Cegeka has defined a security baseline. It describes the Cegeka recommended security rules to achieve an appropriate level of security on Power systems. The result is the balance between the vendor and Cegeka recommendations and what is practically feasible.
Capacity Management
Capacity management is included in this service in order to guarantee necessary resources for current and future business.
In this regard, Cegeka is entitled to switch LPARS between Power servers and customer needs to apply for new license keys if necessary.
Customers are informed about capacity related activities only if customer impact is expected.
License Management (LM)
Platform, middleware and replication licenses can be provided by  Cegeka, public cloud provider or the customer. Application licenses are to be provided by the customer, Cegeka can advise and assist.
Administration of licenses involves:
buying the license and/or support contract
the timely extension of the licenses
the timely cancellation of the licenses.
License compliancy
Customer remains accountable and responsible for license compliancy for all licenses. 

Responsibility matrix

Responsible: The party who is responsible for the execution of the activity. Consulted: The party who must be consulted and must approve or provide input prior to execution. This party (partly) gives direction to the result. This is about two-way communication.
Informed: That is the person/party who is informed about the decisions, progress and results achieved, so that the next step can be taken. This is about one-way communication.
Eligibility and Prerequisites
Out of scope
Everything that is not included in this service description is by default out of scope.
Conditions
The Cegeka team needs to have full (adopted) access rights, in order to allow to setup, configure, and administer the Lpar.
The customer agrees to be used as a reference and upon request of Cegeka to create a customer testimonial. If customer doesn’t agree, he needs to clearly communicate that to Cegeka via formal notice before final contract signature
In case of shared hardware, Cegeka is entitled to switch LPARS between Power servers (capacity management)
Cegeka is entitled to apply disruptive fixes (including temporary unavailability of the system) for security reasons and/or to safeguard the interests of (other) clients in case of a shared platform. Using a dedicated platform will limit the number of parties involved and will therefor also downsize the number of possible conflicts of interest.
Service Support
Service level agreement
This section describes which service level agreements are applicable for this service
Service Hours
Single Lpar: Standard service 06:00 – 18:00hrs on Belgian business days or full service 24/7
Dual Lpar:  full service 24/7
Incident priority
Incidents, related to this Service have a priority of P3 by default. The following table indicates which types of incidents have a higher priority.
Service Level
Incidents are resolved with the following time frames:

The resolution time measurement is based on the incident tickets, registered in the Cegeka ITSM.
For P3 and P4 incidents, a minimum of 20 incidents must be registered in order for the resolution time measurements to be valid.
Disaster recovery
RPO
Single setup systems have an RPO of max 24 hours, based on the daily backup time schedule and the fatal disruption moment.
Dual setup systems have an RPO of last transaction in case of a consistence database on the production environment. If, however, the data is inconsistent at the moment of disruption, we need to rely on the daily backup schedule that could result in a RPO of 24 hours.
RTO
For service levels that include dual setup systems, the target system will be available within the timeframe of the previous switch test time plus 50%.
Service levels that include single setup systems have an RTO that is equal to the time of the yearly restore test plus 50%.
Monitoring & Reporting
Cegeka has built a unique and tailored monitoring solution that offers a clear view on the performance and availability of this service. It also keeps track of historical data allowing to visualize trends.
Additionally, several components of the infrastructure make us of a ‘call home’ function that will be triggered in case of a technical issue.
Order & billing information
SKU’s 
Service numbers
Measurement
A report is generated on a monthly basis, this report is based on the CMDB and lists all servers and service details for which a Cegeka datacentre – Managed Windows OS Service is delivered.
Calculation
(“Price/Unit” x “Quantity of Virtual – Gold Units”) +
(“Price/Unit” x “Quantity of Virtual – Silver Units”) + 
(“Price/Unit” x “Quantity of Virtual – Bronze Units”).
Recurring options
Consultancy : 
Security consultancy : 
Setup a security strategy and baseline, verify the security parameters, settings, authorities: 
Business value: Analyze and detect potential risks and weaknesses in your environment.
Create a report with recommendations and support the customer to reach the desired security level:
Business value: know where you stand, be aware of what can happen and Setup a first line of defense.
Setting a baseline, quarterly audit violations reports
Business value: know what happens on your systems. 
DR / CR consultancy:  In current climate with regular cyber-attacks, a simple backup is no longer sufficient to protect your data.  During this workshop we discuss with you your backup / restore strategy, your high availability strategy, your disaster recovery strategy and your cyber resiliency strategy. We discuss air-gap backups, off-site backups, immutable backups, encryption and more. 
       Business value: avoid system downs (HA), reduced recovery times in case of disaster. 
Security Services
System Monitoring Services: Single Pane of Glass monitoring of multiple aspects (messages, jobs, network, audit, performance, …)
Business value: system monitoring makes sure that problems of all sort of nature are detected in time so we can react adequately.
Additional services
Release upgrades
Business value: The most important is that you stay on a release which is supported by IBM so you can get support in case of problems.
Problems in previous releases are solved.
New techniques concerning security and cyber resilience are deployed.

Fix upgrades  (PTF, Technology Refresh, Data Domain, HMC, VIOS, storage, switches, tape libraries, …)
Business value: Applying fixes on a regular basis is important as on any platform. 
It prevents you from having problems which are already known from other customers and which are already solved.
Firmware upgrades
Business value: Upgrading your hardware to the latest firmware levels ensures that all the components in your infrastructure stay compatible with each other.
Live Partition Mobility implementation:
Business value: With Live Partition Mobility you can migrate from one server to another without any down time.
Setup storage replication (metro mirror, global mirror)
Business value: Storage replication ensures high availability in case one site goes down for some reason.
Systems are replicated to a fail over site and can be brought up immediately in case of failure of the other side.
Setup SW replication  (MIMIX )
Business value: Mimix gives the same advantages as storage replication. It is just another method.
With Mimix replication happens at the application level while with storage replication this happens at the hardware level.
PowerHA
Business value: PowerHA ensures business continuity in case of one site going down. PowerHA switches automatically to the other site.
24/7 management & monitoring (console watching)
Business value: Permanent surveillance of the customer’s equipment.
First line is located in Romania.
Second and third line is performed by people in Belgium.        
Day to day Consultancy
Business value: Customer can create tickets time of day.
If needed customers can contact service managers.
Permanent follow up by service managers.

Non-recurring options - Standard changes
Standard changes are defined and executed after mutual agreement between the customer and Cegeka on a as need basis.
Non - Standard changes
Non-standard changes are billed in time & material or at fixed price if defined in the Request For Change (RFC) process.
Security Services
SSO : Single sign-on to limit the number of authentications to access the systems.
Business value: SSO elevates user experience (only remember one password).
SSO saves time.
Single sign-on improves speed where it matters the most. ... 
SSO helps with regulatory compliance (same rules on each system for each user)
Cuts down IT Helpdesk costs
AD integration : Use your active directory to authenticate yourself on your IBM I system.
Business value: Centralized user management.
Same advantages is for SSO
Multi-Factor Authentication
Business value: 100% confirmation that the person is who he tells he is.
System hardening: Advise on or perform a  tighter security protection 
Business value: apply security according to your business needs.
Adopted authority: make use of elevated rights during certain interventions instead of granting them continuously
Business value: Makes sure that you don’t give rights to a person who normally doesn’t need them.
SIEM forward from your IBM I to your Security Information and Event Management System
Row Access Control (RAC) on database level
Business value: Makes sure that information is shown only to persons who need it.
Role Based Access control  (e.g. automatic profiles with rights for a DBA, developer, administrator, … role)
Business value: Simplifies security management.
Antivirus for the IBM i IFS.
Business value: Although the IBM i OS (until now) is not vulnerable to viruses the IBM i IFS can act or be used as a host for spreading a virus.
For this reason scanning the IFS for viruses is necessary.
Anti-ransomware for IBM i.
Business value: Until now IBM i itself is not yet hit by ransomware but the IFS is vulnerable.
Depending on the type of data in the IFS it can be important or not.
If important data are stored in the IFS, anti-ransomware should be in place to prevent encrypting or stealing of data.
Live Partition Mobility implementation:
Business value: With Live Partition Mobility you can migrate from one server to another without any down time.
Setup storage replication (metro mirror, global mirror)
Business value: Storage replication ensures high availability in case one site goes down for some reason.
Systems are replicated to a fail over site and can be brought up immediately in case of failure of the other side.
Setup SW replication  (MIMIX )
Business value: Mimix gives the same advantages as storage replication. It is just another method.
With Mimix replication happens at the application level while with storage replication this happens at the hardware level.
PowerHA
Business value: PowerHA ensures business continuity in case of one site going down. PowerHA switches automatically to the other site.
BRMS implementation
Business value: BRMS automates performing backups and keeping track of your backup data on IBM i.
Performance study (lpar2rrd, stor2rrd, iDoctor, DiskMagic,… )
Business value: A performance study that gives insight in the bottlenecks (if any) on your machine.
It allows to identify peak moments.
When performed on a regular basis it gives you a situation to compare with when a machine is having difficulties.
It allows for capacity planning in the future.
Flash Copy (snapshot) implementation
Business value: Flash Copy snapshots allow you to create point in time situation to which you can return when rolled back.
It can be used as a sort of copy when performing release upgrades, applying fixes etc… to which you can return if the intended action fails.
It can also be used (in combination with full services flash copy toolkit) to reduce backup windows to practically 0.
Compute on demand : Cloud Management Console, PEP pools
Business value: Compute on demand can be useful if you need resources (e.g. processor power) for a small amount of time.
E.g. if you just need it at the end of the month and not the whole time. You can ask for more resources only when you need it.

SVC implementation
Business value: SVC allows you to share storage among different systems.
You can add, remove, move storage capacity on a very flexible basis.
It lowers the cost when you compare it to systems which have all their own storage.
SVC has functionalities which makes managing storage easy:
Easy replication (metro and global mirroring)
Easy making duplicates via snapshots (snapshot, clone, backup)
Immutable data copy / backup copy
Business value: Immutable data copy/ backup copy allows you to create a backup which is 100% safe from being corrupted or changed by malicious software like ransom software.
The backup copy is checked and verified and can’t be changed afterwards.
These immutable copies allow for fast recovery if needed. 
Data center migrations  (from on prem to cloud, or on premise to on premise (data center move))
Business value: A very experienced team of engineers can assist you to perform all sorts of migrations.
Our experience in the field is our biggest advantage.
Data migration
Business value: A very experienced team of engineers can assist you to perform all sorts of migrations.
               Our experience in the field is our biggest advantage.
Hardware installs & configs
Business value: Again, years of experience in the field is our advantage.
It allows us to assist the customer where needed.
Technical application management
Business value: a platform is created, maintained, optimized and monitored in which the customer’s applications can run
Long term engineer placement
Business value: If appropriate the customer can ask for an engineer who will be working for them on a permanent basis.
Data Domain management, migrations, upgrades,…
Business value: Years of experience in the field and knowledge of the product.
Backup in the cloud (hybrid, public)
Business value: This way the customer can have a backup which is located remote.
PowerVC: Virtual center : auto provisioning of lpars.
Business value: Power VC is interesting when customer has a lot of partitions to manage and when the environment changes frequently.
E.g. creation and deletion of lpars, zoning etc…
PowerSC : Security & Compliance
Business value: Centrally manage security and compliance on for all IBMi, AIX® and Linux® on Power endpoints.
Facilitate security management when you have a mixed environment.
PowerVS: Power in the IBM Cloud 
Business value: Allows a customer to move to the cloud without rewriting or refactoring
Hyperswap on storage level
Business value: Replication on storage level with automatic fail over when needed.
                               The machine decides when to swap to the opposite site.
Backup as a service (policies,…. )
Business value: Set up and exploit backups by an experienced team of engineers.

Tape (drive, library, … ) Management
Business value: Set up and exploit Tape drives by an experienced team of engineers.